127. Procurement authorities for Medium Landing Ships (a) Contract authority (1) In general The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts for the procurement of not more than 15 Medium Landing Ships. (2) Procurement in conjunction with existing contracts The ships authorized to be procured under paragraph (1) may be procured as additions to existing contracts covering the Medium Landing Ship program. (b) Certification required A contract may not be entered into under subsection (a) unless the Secretary of the Navy certifies to the congressional defense committees, in writing, not later than 30 days before entry into the contract, each of the following, which shall be prepared by the milestone decision authority (as defined in section 4251(e) of title 10, United States Code) for the Medium Landing Ship program: (1) The use of such a contract is consistent with the Department of the Navy’s projected force structure requirements for such ships. (2) The use of such a contract will result in significant savings compared to the total anticipated costs of carrying out the program through annual contracts. (3) There is a reasonable expectation that throughout the contemplated contract period the Secretary of the Navy will request funding for the contract at the level required to avoid contract cancellation. (4) There is a stable design for the property to be acquired and the technical risks associated with such property are not excessive. (5) The estimates of the cost of the contract and the anticipated cost avoidance through the use of the contract are realistic. (6) During the fiscal year in which the contract is to be awarded— (A) sufficient funds will be available to perform the contract in such fiscal year; and (B) the future-years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, for such fiscal year will include the funding required to execute the program without cancellation. (c) Authority for advance procurement The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the ships for which authorization to enter into a contract is provided under subsection (a), and for systems and subsystems associated with such ships in economic order quantities when cost savings are achievable. (d) Condition for out-year contract payments A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such fiscal year. (e) Termination The authority of the Secretary of the Navy to enter into contracts under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2029.