126. Authority for advance procurement of certain components to support continuous production of Virginia-class submarines (a) In general The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts, prior to ship authorization, for the advance procurement of covered components for Virginia-class submarines, including procurement of such components in economic order quantities when cost savings are achievable. (b) Funding and liability Any contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that— (1) any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose; and (2) the total liability to the Federal Government for termination of the contract shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated for the contract at the time of termination. (c) Budget requests In the budget justification materials submitted in support of the budget of the Department of Defense (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) for fiscal year 2027 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of the Navy shall include a separate budget display identifying the amounts requested pursuant to this section set forth by the specific program, project, or activity under the Virginia-class submarine program for which such funds are requested. (d) Covered components defined In this section, the term  covered components  means the following components for Virginia-class submarines: (1) Propulsion plant equipment. (2) Diesel Systems and associated components. (3) Castings, forgings, and tank structures. (4) Air flasks. (5) Payload tubes. (6) Major valves and associated components. (7) Hatches. (8) Steering and dive components. (9) Major pumps and motors. (10) Snorkel mast and components. (11) Torpedo tubes. (12) Atmosphere control equipment. (13) Bulkheads, decks, and associated equipment. (14) SONAR arrays and associated components. (15) Electrical components, penetrators, and associated equipment. (16) Commodity material in support of manufacturing.