1047. Authority to transfer T–37 aircraft to Arizona Aviation Historical Group (a) Transfer of authority T–37 The Secretary of the Air Force may convey, without consideration, to the Arizona Aviation Historical Group, Phoenix, Arizona (in this section referred to as the  foundation ), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to five retired T–37B Trainer Aircraft. A conveyance under this section shall be made by means of a conditional deed of gift. (b) Conditions of transfer A conveyance authorized under subsection (a) shall be subject to the following conditions: (1) Prior to conveyance, all military specific or unique equipment, as determined by the Secretary, on the aircraft shall be removed. (2) The Secretary is not required to— (A) repair or alter the condition of the aircraft before conveying ownership; or (B) guarantee or ensure the airworthiness of any conveyed aircraft. (3) The Secretary shall determine which aircraft to convey. (c) Condition of property Any aircraft conveyed under this section shall be conveyed in  as is  condition. The Secretary shall make no representation or warranty concerning the condition, fitness for any particular purpose, or compliance with any laws or regulations of such aircraft. (d) Reverter upon breach of conditions The Secretary shall include in an instrument of conveyance for an aircraft conveyed under this section— (1) a condition that the foundation does not convey any ownership interest in, or transfer possession of, the aircraft to another party without the prior approval of the Secretary; (2) a condition that the foundation operate and maintain the aircraft in compliance with all applicable limitations and maintenance requirements imposed by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration; and (3) a condition that if the Secretary determines at any time that the foundation has violated a condition under paragraph (1) or (2), all right, title, and interest in and to the aircraft, including any repair or alteration of the aircraft, shall revert to the United States, and the United States shall have the right of immediate possession of the aircraft. (e) Conveyance at no cost to the United States Any conveyance of an aircraft authorized by this section shall be made at no cost to the United States. Any costs associated with such a conveyance, including the costs of inspection or removal of equipment prior to conveyance, the cost of determining compliance with the requirements of this section and any instrument of conveyance made pursuant to this section, and the costs of the operation, sustainment, transportation, ground support equipment, and disposal of any aircraft conveyed under this section shall be borne by the foundation. (f) Additional terms and conditions The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with a conveyance made under this section as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (g) Clarification of liability Notwithstanding any other provision of law, upon the conveyance of ownership of the T–37B Trainers to the foundation under subsection (a), the United States shall not be liable for any death, injury, loss, or damage that results from any use of that aircraft by any person other than the United States.