1907. Coast Guard Academy Cadet Advisory Board (a) Establishment The Commandant shall establish within the Coast Guard Academy an advisory board to be known as the  Coast Guard Academy Cadet Advisory Board  (in this section referred to as the  Advisory Board ). (b) Membership The Advisory Board shall be composed of not fewer than 12 cadets of the Coast Guard Academy who are enrolled at the Coast Guard Academy at the time of appointment, including not fewer than 3 cadets from each class. (c) Appointment (1) In general Cadets shall be appointed to the Advisory Board by the Provost, in consultation with the Superintendent of the Coast Guard Academy. (2) Application Cadets who are eligible for appointment to the Advisory Board shall submit an application for appointment to the Provost of the Coast Guard Academy, or a designee of the Provost, for consideration. (d) Selection The Provost shall select eligible applicants who— (1) are best suited to fulfill the duties described in subsection (g); and (2) best represent the student body makeup at the Coast Guard Academy. (e) Term (1) In general Appointments shall be made not later than 60 days after the date of the swearing in of a new class of cadets at the Coast Guard Academy. (2) Term The term of membership of a cadet on the Advisory Board shall be 1 academic year. (f) Meetings The Advisory Board shall meet in person with the Superintendent not less frequently than twice each academic year to discuss the activities of the Advisory Board. (g) Duties The Advisory Board shall— (1) identify challenges facing Coast Guard Academy cadets relating to— (A) health and wellbeing; (B) cadet perspectives and information with respect to sexual assault, sexual harassment and sexual violence prevention, response, and recovery at the Coast Guard Academy; and (C) any other matter the Advisory Board considers important; (2) discuss and propose possible solutions to such challenges, including improvements to leadership development at the Coast Guard Academy; and (3) periodically review the efficacy of Coast Guard Academy academic, wellness, and other relevant programs and provide recommendations to the Commandant for improvement of such programs. (h) Working groups (1) In general The Advisory Board shall establish a working group composed, at least in part, of Coast Guard Academy cadets who are not current members of the Advisory Board and members of the Cadets Against Sexual Assault, or any similar successor organization, to assist the Advisory Board in carrying out the duties described in subsection (g)(1)(B). (2) Other working groups The Advisory Board may establish such other working groups (which may be composed, at least in part, of Coast Guard Academy cadets who are not current members of the Advisory Board) as the Advisory Board finds to be necessary to carry out duties of the Board, other than the duties described in subparagraph (A) or (C) of subsection (g)(1). (i) Reporting (1) Commandant and Superintendent Not less frequently than once per academic semester, the Advisory Board shall submit a report or provide a briefing to the Commandant and the Superintendent on the results of the activities carried out in furtherance of the duties of the Advisory Board described in subsection (g), including recommendations for actions to be taken based on such results. (2) Annual report The Advisory Board shall transmit to the Commandant, through the Provost and the Superintendent, an annual report at the conclusion of each academic year, containing the information and materials presented to the Commandant, Superintendent, or both, during each brief provided during such academic year. (3) Congress Not later than 30 days after the receipt by the Commandant of a report under this subsection, the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives any report or other materials provided to the Commandant and Superintendent under paragraph (1) and any other information related to the Advisory Board requested by the Committees.