1211. Improvements to security cooperation workforce and defense acquisition workforce (a) Responsibilities of secretary of defense The Secretary of Defense shall, consistent with the requirements of section 384 of title 10, United States Code, seek to ensure that— (1) members of the defense acquisition workforce engaged in foreign military sales planning and execution— (A) are aware of evolving United States regional- and country-level foreign partner defense capability-building priorities; and (B) coordinate with the security cooperation workforce to enhance responsiveness to foreign partner requests and defense capability-building priorities; and (2) evaluations of members of the defense acquisition workforce measure— (A) adherence to meeting the foreign partner defense capability-building requirements identified in Department of Defense strategy documents; (B) responsiveness to foreign partner defense capability-building requests; (C) ability to meet foreign partner defense capability-building delivery schedule requirements; and (D) advancement of foreign partner defense capability-building priorities identified in the guidance described in subsection (b). (b) Guidance (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall update, as necessary, Department of Defense guidance governing the execution of foreign military sales by the Department to ensure that such guidance— (A) incorporates priorities of the national security strategy report (submitted pursuant to section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3043 )) and the national defense strategy (required under section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code); (B) is informed by the theater campaign plans and theater security cooperation strategies of the combatant commands; (C) is disseminated to the security cooperation workforce and the defense acquisition workforce. (2) Elements The updated guidance required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) identify regional and country-level foreign partner defense capability-building priorities; (B) identify levels of urgency and desired timelines for achieving foreign partner defense capability-building priorities; and (C) provide guidance to the defense acquisition workforce and the security cooperation workforce on levels of resourcing, innovation, and risk tolerance that should be considered in meeting urgent needs through the execution of foreign military sales. (c) Foreign military sales continuous process improvement board Section 1210(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2025 ( 22 U.S.C. 2671  note) is amended to read as follows: (2) Membership (A) In general The Board shall be composed of not fewer than seven members, each of whom shall have expertise in security cooperation, security assistance, defense acquisition, business process reform, or any disciplines the Secretary determines to be important to the functioning of the Board. (B) Certain members (i) In general Up to three of the members of the Board may be selected from among individuals who are not any of the following: (I) Officers or employees of the Department of Defense. (II) Members of the Armed Forces. (III) A registered lobbyist. (ii) Clearance Each member of the Board described in this subparagraph shall be individuals who are determined to be eligible for access to classified information necessary to participate on the Board. . (d) Definitions In this section: (1) The term  defense acquisition workforce  means the Department of Defense acquisition workforce described in  chapter 87  of title 10, United States Code. (2) The term  security cooperation workforce  has the meaning given the term in section 384 of title 10, United States Code.