1805. Modification to acquisition strategy (a) In general Section 4211 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking  milestone ; (2) in subsection (b), by striking the term  milestone  each place it appears; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking the term  milestone  each place it appears; (ii) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: (A) the strategy clearly describes the proposed business case and capability management approach for the program or system, and to the maximum extent practicable, describes how capability requirements will be met through delivery of such program or system; ; and (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking  how the strategy is designed to be implemented with available resources, such as time, funding, and management capacity  and inserting  the resources, such as time, funding, and management capacity, necessary to meet capability requirements ; and (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: (2) Each strategy shall, where appropriate, consider the following: (A) An approach that delivers required capabilities in increments, each depending on available mature technology, and that recognizes up front the need for future capability improvements or transitions to alternative end items through use of continuous competition. (B) Requirements related to logistics, maintenance, and sustainment in accordance with sections 2464 and 2466 of this title, and the acquisition of technical data, computer software, and associated licenses, to enable such requirements in accordance with sections 3771 through 3775 of this title. (C) A process for collaborative interaction and market research with the science and technology community, including Department of Defense science and technology reinvention laboratories, government innovation cells, academia, small businesses, nontraditional defense contractors, and other contractors. (D) Identification of enterprise-wide designs and standards in support of an architecture that provides for an integrated suite of capabilities that focuses on simplicity of implementation and speed of delivery. (E) Overarching roadmaps that create integrated strategic schedules of legacy systems and new capabilities. (F) A contracting strategy that develops long-term partnerships with multiple companies to actively contribute to architectures, development, production, and sustainment across the capabilities to be developed by decomposing large systems into smaller sets of projects across time and technical component. (G) An assignment of roles and responsibilities of key personnel of the acquisition workforce, identification of external stakeholder dependencies, and the need for subject matter expert inputs at critical points in the program, including the need for special hiring authority or advisory and assistance services, in order to deliver the desired capabilities. (H) A process of testing and experimentation with the test community and end users to ensure continuous user feedback, acceptance, and development of concepts of operations. ; and (4) by striking subsections (d) and (e) and inserting the following new subsections: (d) Review The decision authority shall review and approve, as appropriate, the acquisition strategy for a major defense acquisition program or major system prior to the acquisition decision memorandum and ensure that the strategy is updated at regular intervals to incorporate significant changes to program requirements, resourcing, or acquisition decisions. (e) Decision authority defined In this section, the term  decision authority , with respect to a major defense acquisition program or major system, means the official within the Department of Defense designated with the overall responsibility and authority for acquisition decisions for the program or system, including authority to approve entry of the program or system into the next phase of the acquisition process. . (b) Conforming amendments (1) Section 4324(d)(8) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting  the term  decision authority  after  meaning given . (2) Section 8669b(d)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking  has the meaning  and all that follows and inserting the following:  means a decision to enter into technology maturation and risk reduction pursuant to guidance prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for the management of Department of Defense acquisition programs. . (3) Section 807(e)(5) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( 10 U.S.C. 9081  note) is amended by striking  in section 2431a of title 10, United States Code  and inserting  the term  decision authority  in section 4211 of title 10, United States Code . (4) Section 818(f)(3)(B) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 ( 10 U.S.C. 4231  note prec.) is amended by inserting  the term  decision authority  after  meaning given .