1642. Matters relating to Air Force Global Strike Command (a) Establishment of Air Force Global Strike Command Chapter 907  of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 9068. Air Force Global Strike Command (a) Establishment There is in the Air Force a major command, which shall be known as Air Force Global Strike Command. (b) Commander (1) The Commander of Air Force Global Strike Command shall hold the grade of general while serving in that position, without vacating that officer’s permanent grade. The commander shall be appointed to that grade by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, for service in that position. (2) The commander shall serve as the single accountable officer responsible to the Secretary of the Air Force and the Chief of Staff of the Air Force for carrying out all aspects of Air Force nuclear and long-range strike missions in support of United States Strategic Command, including such aspects described in subsection (c). (c) Functions The Commander of Air Force Global Strike Command shall be responsible for carrying out all aspects and activities of the Air Force nuclear and long-range strike missions in support of United States Strategic Command. Such aspects include nuclear weapons, nuclear weapon delivery systems, long-range strike bomber aircraft, and the nuclear command, control, and communication systems. Such activities include the following: (1) Providing combat-ready nuclear and long-range conventional strike forces in support of Presidential and combatant commander directives. (2) Administrating, organizing, training, and equipping assigned and gained forces. (3) Assessing the readiness of assigned and gained forces and submitting to the Secretary and the Air Force Chief of Staff periodic reports with respect to such assessments. (4) Leading development in the Air Force of— (A) military requirements with respect to nuclear and long-range strike missions; (B) budget proposals necessary to carry out the missions of the Air Force Global Strike Command; (C) long-range investment plans and priorities to sustain, modernize, and recapitalize assigned forces; and (D) employment strategies, concepts, tactics, techniques, and procedures with respect to strategic deterrence, nuclear deterrence operation, and long-range strike operations. (5) Advising the Secretary, as necessary, on the adequacy of resources of the Department of the Air Force dedicated to support and execute nuclear missions. (6) Such other functions as the Secretary determines necessary or appropriate for execution of nuclear deterrence and long-range strike missions. . (b) Oversight of nuclear deterrence mission Section 9040(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting  in coordination with the Commander of Air Force Global Strike Command  after  duties ; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph (2): (2) Coordinate with and support the activities of Air Force Global Strike Command, the Air Force Nuclear Systems Center, and any other applicable Air Force organization in the sustainment and modernization of weapon systems associated with the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. ; (4) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated, by striking  and the Chief of Staff of the Air Force  and inserting  the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commander of Air Force Global Strike Command ; and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraph:  (5) Represent Air Force nuclear deterrence mission equities on behalf of the Chief of Staff of the Air Force and the Commander of Air Force Global Strike Command within the Nuclear Weapons Council processes and other Department of Defense fora, as appropriate. .