1201. Modification of authorities (a) Training with friendly foreign countries: payment of training and exercise expenses (1) Training authorized Subsection (a) of section 321 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking  or other security forces  and inserting  , or other national security forces that perform a similar function, ; (B) by striking paragraph (2); and  (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. (2) Authority To pay training and exercise expenses Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking  subsection (e)  and inserting  subsection (f) ; (B) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: (1) Expenses of forces assigned or allocated to that command in conjunction with training and exercises conducted pursuant to this section. ; (C) by striking paragraphs (2) and (4); (D) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (5) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; (E) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by striking  such training, as specified in the regulations  and inserting  training and exercises conducted pursuant to this section ; and (F) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking  training described in  and all that follows through  paragraph (4)  and inserting  training and exercises conducted pursuant to this section . (3) Quarterly report Subsection (e) of such section is amended to read as follows: (e) Quarterly report Not less frequently than quarterly, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on training and exercises conducted pursuant to this section during the preceding 90-day period. . (4) Conforming amendments (A) Section heading Section 321 of title 10, United States Code, is amended, in the section heading, by inserting  and exercises  after  Training . (B) Table of sections The table of sections for subchapter III of  chapter 16  of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 321 and inserting the following: 321. Training and exercises with friendly foreign countries: payment of training and exercise expenses. . (b) Repeal of Secretary of Defense Strategic Competition Initiative Section 1332 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ; 135 Stat. 2007;  10 U.S.C. 301  note) is repealed.