1053. Congressional notification of support for immigration enforcement operations (a) DOD aircraft support of alien removal operations Not later than seven calendar days after Department of Defense aircraft are used in support of alien removal operations by the Department of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Defense shall provide written notification to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives of the following: (1) The type and variant of military aircraft used to support the alien removal operation. (2) The number of individuals not employed by the Department of Defense on board the military aircraft. (3) The type, variant, and number of any military aircraft used to support the military aircraft being used in the alien removal operation, including aerial refueling aircraft. (4) The estimated cost of supporting the alien removal operation, including— (A) the aircraft used; (B) the number of flights hours required to complete the round-trip mission; (C) the use of any supporting aircraft, including aerial refueling aircraft; and (D) the number of flight hours required to complete the round-trip mission of the supporting aircraft. (5) The destination country of the military aircraft. (6) When the destination country of the military aircraft is Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, reporting on both inbound and outbound flights in accordance with the requirements of paragraphs (1) through (5). (7) Any reassignment of Department of Defense personnel from Joint Task Force Guantanamo or another Department of Defense entity to support removal operations. (b) Notification of aliens held at installations of Department of Defense (1) In general Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives written notice of the following: (A) The estimated total number of aliens held at installations of the Department of Defense, disaggregated by location, over the period covered by the report. (B) The total cost that could be incurred by the Department of Defense of detention of aliens at installations of the Department of Defense, regardless of location, during the period covered by the report. (2) Alien defined In this section, the term  alien  has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101 ). (c) Reports to Congress on Department of Defense support for immigration enforcement operations Section 1707 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ; 133 Stat. 1799;  10 U.S.C. 113  note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:  (c) Reports on support for immigration enforcement operations (1) In general If the Department of Defense approves a Request for Assistance for support for immigration enforcement operations, the Secretary of Defense shall electronically transmit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on such support not later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Secretary approves the Request for Assistance and every 90 calendar days thereafter.  (2) Elements Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include information on the following: (A) The name of any Department of Defense facility used to support immigrant enforcement operations and costs associated with any modifications to such facilities to support such operations. (B) The number of Department of Defense personnel assigned to conduct support for immigration enforcement operations, the units from which such personnel were assigned, the duration of the operations, and the personnel cost associated with of such operations. .