1632. Prohibition on reduction of intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States (a) Inventory requirement Section 9062 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (n) (1) The Secretary of the Air Force shall maintain a total inventory of intercontinental ballistic missiles sufficient to ensure that not fewer than 400 such missiles are operationally available. (2) Such intercontinental ballistic missiles shall be deployed among not fewer than 150 launch facilities dispersed across each of the following locations (for a total of not fewer than 450): (A) Francis E. Warren Air Force Base, Laramie County, Wyoming. (B) Malmstrom Air Force Base, Cascade County, Montana. (C) Minot Air Force Base, Ward County, North Dakota. (3) In this subsection, the term  intercontinental ballistic missile  means any combination of the LGM–30G Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile or the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile. . (b) (1) Limitation on availability of certain funds Except as provided in paragraph (2), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2026 may be obligated or expended for the following, and the Department may not otherwise take any action to do the following: (A) Reduce, or prepare to reduce, the responsiveness or alert level of the intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States. (B) Reduce, or prepare to reduce, the quantity of deployed intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States to a number less than that specified by subsection (n) of section 9062 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). (2) Exception The limitation under paragraph (1) shall not apply to any of the following activities: (A) The maintenance or sustainment of intercontinental ballistic missiles. (B) Ensuring the safety, security, or reliability of intercontinental ballistic missiles. (C) Facilitating the transition from the LGM–30G Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile to the Sentinel LGM–35A intercontinental ballistic missile.