1241. Modification and extension of annual report on military and security developments involving the Russian Federation Section 1234 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ; 134 Stat. 3936) is amended— (1) in subsection (b) to read as follows: (b) Matters to be included The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The goals, factors, and trends shaping Russia’s security strategy and military strategy, including military spending and investment priorities. (2) Developments in the military doctrine, operational concepts, joint command and organizational structures, and significant military operations and deployments of the Russian Armed Forces. (3) An assessment of the force structure, readiness, and capabilities of the Russian Armed Forces. (4) An assessment of the military strategy, objectives, and force posture of the Russian Armed Forces deployed in the Arctic and the North Atlantic region. (5) An assessment of the military strategy, objectives, and force posture of the Russian Armed Forces as they relate to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), including— (A) the force posture of Russian Armed Forces deployed adjacent to NATO’s borders, including in Kaliningrad; (B) a list and description of all known violations by Russia of NATO airspace during the reporting period, and to the extent feasible, an evaluation of whether such incidents were intentional or unintentional; and  (C) an assessment of the threat posed to NATO bases, critical infrastructure, and other industrial and military targets posed by Russian hybrid attacks.  (6) An assessment of the military strategy, objectives, and force posture of the Russian Armed Forces deployed in Ukraine or adjacent to Ukraine’s borders. (7) An assessment of the military strategy, objectives, and force posture of the Russian Armed Forces in the Baltic and Black Seas. (8) An assessment of the reconstitution efforts of the Russian Armed Forces, including its ability to restore losses from the war in Ukraine and to expand its force beyond 2022 levels. (9) An assessment of the impact of United States and international sanctions on the Russian military’s reconstitution efforts, including an assessment of the impact of removing sanctions on the Russian military’s reconstitution efforts. (10) An assessment of what the Russian Armed Forces have learned from the war in Ukraine and how Russia has applied those lessons. (11) An assessment of the military strategy, objectives, and force posture of Russia that affect countries in Latin America and the Caribbean. (12) An assessment of the military strategy, objectives, and force posture of Russia that affect countries in the Indo-Pacific, with a specific emphasis on how such strategy, objectives, and force posture affect the People’s Republic of China. (13) An assessment of the military cooperation between Russia and the People’s Republic of China, including defense trade, joint military exercises, and the sharing of military intelligence. (14) An assessment of the objectives of Russia’s treaty alliance with North Korea, including analyses of the following elements:  (A) Any technology sharing pertaining to chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear weapons. (B) Any cooperation on missile or space launch-related technology. (C) Arms trade. (D) Tactical and operational military cooperation between Russia and North Korea, including lessons learned and compensation derived from cooperative training and participation in actual conflict.  (15) An assessment of Russia’s military cooperation with India.  (16) An assessment of Russia’s coercive behavior directed at United States allies in the Indo-Pacific. (17) An assessment of the military strategy, objectives, and force posture of Russia that affect countries in the Middle East. (18) An assessment of the military strategy, objectives, and force posture of Russia that affect countries in Africa. (19) A description of Russia’s overseas military basing, military logistics capabilities, and infrastructure to project power. (20) A summary of all significant Russian cooperation with foreign military and security forces, including major training and exercises, foreign deployments, and basing agreements—specifying for each Russian foreign deployment the number of forces deployed, the types of capabilities deployed, the length of the deployment, and any agreement enabling or governing the deployment. (21) An assessment of relations between Russia and Iran, the People’s Republic of China, and North Korea, with respect to security and military matters. (22) An assessment of the proliferation activities of Russia and Russian entities, including activities relating to the supply of materials, technologies, or expertise relating to nuclear weapons or other weapons of mass destruction or missile systems to other states or non-state actors. (23) An assessment of Russia’s nuclear program and capabilities, including— (A) its nuclear strategy and associated doctrines; (B) the size and state of its stockpile and projections of its future arsenals; (C) its civil and military production capacities; and (D) the modernization and force structure of its strategic forces. (24) An assessment of the use by Russia of chemical weapons, including chemical munitions, during the preceding year either as part of an armed conflict or against individuals outside an armed conflict. (25) A description of Russia’s current missile defense strategy and capabilities, including efforts to develop missile defense capabilities. (26) A description of Russia’s anti-access and area denial capabilities. (27) A description of Russia’s command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance modernization program and capabilities and the applications for such program and capabilities for precision-guided weapons. (28) An assessment of Russia’s space and counterspace programs and capabilities. (29) An assessment of Russia’s cyberwarfare and electronic warfare capabilities, including details on the number of malicious cyber incidents originating from Russia against Department of Defense infrastructure. (30) An assessment of any influence operations or campaigns by Russia targeting the United States, any military alliances and partnerships of which the United States is a member, or treaty allies of the United States, including— (A) the objectives of such operations; (B) the tactics, techniques, and procedures used;  (C) the impact of such operations on the United States, military alliances or partnerships of which the United States is a member, or treaty allies of the United States; (D) detail regarding any campaign that specifically targeted Department of Defense personnel; and (E) the metrics used to judge the impact of such operations. (31) An assessment of how Russian private military companies are being utilized to advance the security interests of Russia, including by securing access to raw materials. (32) Other military and security developments involving Russia that the Secretary of Defense considers relevant to United States national security. ; and (2) in subsection (g), by striking  January 31, 2026  and inserting  January 31, 2030 .