1253. Partnership for Indo-Pacific Industrial Resilience (a) Establishment The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall establish and maintain an initiative, to be known as the  Partnership for Indo-Pacific Industrial Resilience  (referred to in this section as the  Initiative ), to strengthen cooperation among the defense industrial bases of the United States and allied and partner countries in the Indo-Pacific region and other countries supporting Indo-Pacific defense industrial resilience. (b) Objectives The objectives of the Initiative shall be the following: (1) To enable the production and supply of the material necessary for equipping the Armed Forces of the United States and the military forces of allied and partner countries to achieve— (A) the objectives set forth in the most recent national security strategy report submitted to Congress by the President pursuant to section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3043 ); (B) the policy guidance of the Secretary of Defense provided pursuant to section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code; and (C) the future-years defense program submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to section 221 of title 10, United States Code. (2) To strengthen the collective defense industrial base by expanding industrial base capability, capacity, and workforce, including with respect to enhanced supply chain security, interoperability, and resilience among participating countries. (3) To identify and mitigate industrial base vulnerabilities across partner countries. (4) To advance research and development activities to provide the Armed Forces of the United States and the military forces of allied and partner countries with systems capable of ensuring technological superiority over potential adversaries. (5) To promote co-development, co-production, and procurement collaboration in key defense sectors. (6) To promote defense innovation, improve information sharing, encourage standardization, reduce barriers to cooperation, and otherwise mitigate potential vulnerabilities and facilitate collaboration. (7) Any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. (c) Designation of senior official (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior civilian official of the Department of Defense at the Assistant Secretary level or above to lead relevant efforts of the Initiative, as determined by the Secretary.  (2) Notification Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense makes or changes a designation under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a notification of such designation or change. (d) Participation The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall establish a process to determine which allies and partners of the United States (including Australia, Japan, the Republic of Korea, India, the Philippines, and New Zealand) shall be invited to participate as member countries of the Initiative. (e) Authorities To carry out this section, the Secretary of Defense may do the following: (1) Enter into agreements and memoranda of understanding with appropriate counterparts from participating countries. (2) Establish working groups and technical exchanges. (3) Provide technical assistance and capacity-building support to partner countries using authorities available to the Secretary under title 10, United States Code. (4) Engage with industry, capital providers, academia, and any other stakeholders necessary to advance the objectives described in subsection (b). (f) Report and briefing (1) Report (A) In general Not later than March 1, 2027, and annually thereafter through 2031, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the status and progress of the Initiative. (B) Elements Each report required by subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i) An assessment of shared industrial base vulnerabilities. (ii) An overview of efforts among participating countries to enhance supply chain integrity and resilience. (iii) A description of any joint defense production or co-development initiative, including any such initiative involving sensitive or classified technologies. (iv) An articulation of priority initiatives for the upcoming fiscal year. (v) Recommendations for legislative, regulatory, policy, or resourcing changes to achieve the objectives described in subsection (b). (vi) Any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. (2) Briefing Not later than December 1, 2026, and annually thereafter through 2030, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate with a briefing on the progress made toward achieving the objectives described in subsection (b). (g) Termination The authority under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2030.