227. Western regional range complex demonstration (a) Demonstration required The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a demonstration project under which the Secretary— (1) interconnects ranges or training sites in the western States; and (2) uses such interconnected ranges and sites as a joint multi-domain kinetic and non-kinetic testing and training environment for the military departments. (b) Use of existing ranges and capabilities  In carrying out the project under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall use ranges, testing sites, and related capabilities that are in existence as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) Activities The range complex established under subsection (a) shall be capable of facilitating testing and training in the following: (1) Electromagnetic spectrum operations. (2) Electromagnetic warfare. (3) Operations that blend kinetic and non-kinetic effects. (4) Joint All Domain Command and Control (commonly known as  JADC2 ). (5) Information warfare, including— (A) intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; (B) offensive and defensive cyber operations; (C) space operations; (D) psychological operations; (E) public affairs; and (F) weather operations. (d) Timeline for completion of initial demonstration In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall seek to complete an initial demonstration, interconnecting two or more ranges or testing sites of two or more military departments in the western States, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) Briefing Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on— (1) a phased implementation plan and design for connecting ranges and testing sites in the western States as required under subsection (a), including the initial demonstration required by subsection (d); (2) how the design architecture of the plan is in alignment with recommendations of the most recent Electromagnetic Spectrum Superiority Strategy of the Department of Defense; and (3) how the design architecture is expected to support high-periodicity training, testing, research, and development. (f) Western State defined In this section, the term  western State  means a State located west of the Mississippi River. (g) Termination This section shall terminate on September 30, 2028.