2853. Plan for deploying private fifth generation and future generation Open Radio Access Network architecture on Department of Defense military installations (a) Requirement for prioritized list of military installations Pursuant to section 1526 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ;  10 U.S.C. 4571  note) and the Department of Defense Private 5G Deployment Strategy (dated October 2024), each Secretary of a military department shall develop a prioritized list of military installations that merit investment in private fifth generation and future generation information and communications networks. (b) Considerations In developing a list under subsection (a), a Secretary of a military department shall  consider matters relating to the following: (1) Connection density. (2) Latency requirements. (3) Capacity requirements. (4) Geographic coverage requirements. (5) Enhanced security within wireless network services. (6) Military installation physical security and force protection requirements, including perimeter monitoring and detection and tracking of uncrewed aircraft systems. (7) Requirements with respect to large-scale warehousing and logistics operations. (8) The potential use of augmented or virtual reality technology, including for maintenance and training. (9) Requirements with respect to large-scale and high-tempo flight line operations. (c) Informing future procurements The Secretary of the Air Force shall use the prioritized list developed under subsection (a) to inform task orders issued under the Enterprise Information Technology as a Service Base Infrastructure Modernization program of the Department of the Air Force and future related contracts. To the maximum extent possible, task orders issued after the date of the enactment of this Act shall specify where existing networking technologies are fully adequate to meet requirements and where private fifth generation and future generation information and communications network performance or characteristics are needed. (d) Coordination required In developing prioritized lists under subsection (a), each Secretary of a military department shall, to the extent each such Secretary determines appropriate, coordinate with the following officials: (1) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, (2) The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. (3) The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense. (4) The service acquisition executive of the military department concerned. (5) Combatant commanders. (6) The heads of the Defense Agencies.  (7) Installation and environment executives. (e) Plan for private 5G Open Radio Access network architecture deployments Not later than March 1, 2026, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) consolidate the prioritized military installation lists developed by the Secretaries of the military departments under subsection (a), and determine an optimal investment, deployment, and resourcing plan for private fifth generation and future generation networks across the Department that are based on Open Radio Access Network architecture; and (2) submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the lists consolidated under paragraph (1) and the determinations made pursuant to such paragraph. (f) Definitions In this section: (1) The term  military installation  has the meaning given such term in section 2801 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The term  Open Radio Access Network architecture  has the meaning given such term in section 1526 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ( Public Law 118–31 ). (3) The term  service acquisition executive  has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code.