379. Restroom access at military installations for certain transportation service providers (a) Restroom access The Secretary of Defense shall take such steps as may be necessary to ensure that, with respect to each covered location, there is a restroom— (1) located at or in close proximity to the covered location; (2) to which any covered driver, while providing a transportation protective service involving the transport of sensitive cargo to or from the covered location on behalf of the Department of Defense, is authorized access; (3) that to the extent practicable, provides for privacy, hand washing, accessibility, and gender-specific needs; and (4) in the case of a portable restroom, that is vented and equipped with adequate lighting (which may be achieved through supplementation with a temporary lighting source, as necessary). (b) Location The location of a restroom under subsection (a)(1) may not be a location to which access by the covered driver would result in— (1) a security risk, as determined by the Secretary; (2) a health or safety risk to the covered driver; or (3) a violation of any other regulation or policy of the Department.  (c) Notification of noncompliance In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) establish a process by which a covered driver may provide to the Secretary timely notification of any covered location with respect to which access to a restroom is not provided consistent with such subsection; and (2) upon receiving such a notification, coordinate with the commander of the military installation concerned or other appropriate officer or employee of the Department to ensure such access is provided. (d) Definitions In this section: (1) The terms  arms, ammunition, and explosives ,  safe haven ,  secure holding area ,  secure holding location , and  transportation protective service  have the meanings given those terms in the publication of the United States Army Transportation Command issued October 4, 2024, and titled  Military Freight Traffic Unified Rules Publication-1 (MFTURP-1) , or any successor thereto. (2) The term  commercial motor vehicle  has the meaning given that term in section 31101 of title 49, United States Code.  (3) The term  covered driver  means an operator of a commercial motor vehicle— (A) authorized to provide a transportation protective service on behalf of the Department of Defense; and (B) subject to requirements for qualifications and maximum hours of service under section 31502(b) of title 49, United States Code. (4) The term  covered location  means a safe haven, secure holding area, or secure holding location at a military installation or other facility of the Department of Defense. (5) The terms  facility  and  military installation  have the meanings given those terms in section 2801(c) of title 10, United States Code. (6) The term  sensitive cargo  means— (A) arms, ammunition, and explosives; (B) classified material; or (C) any other cargo, or category thereof, the Secretary of Defense determines sensitive for purposes of this section.