351. Modernization of the organic industrial base of the Army (a) Authority to establish and operate The Secretary of the Army shall accelerate the modernization of the organic industrial base of the Army to meet the requirements of the Army by ensuring additional production of materials, or expanded use of capabilities, as described in subsection (b). (b) Materials and capabilities The Secretary of the Army shall prioritize using or modifying existing facilities of the organic industrial base of the Army for the following purposes: (1) Production of propellant. (2) Production of any of 13 precursor chemicals used widely across the Joint Program Executive Office Armaments and Ammunition portfolio that are currently sourced solely from the People’s Republic of China. (3) Production of any of the 300 chemicals identified as single point failures by the Joint Program Executive Office Armaments and Ammunition. (4) Production of multiple calibers of ammunition. (5) Development of methods for dual-use maintenance or production of vehicles and aircraft. (6) Use of logistics. (7) Production or use of any of the capabilities listed in paragraphs (1) through (6). (8) Another capability that the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees is necessary to meet Army munitions and weapons requirements. (c) Expedited production or expansion of capabilities The Secretary shall expedite the production or expansion of any capabilities described under subsection (b) and shall use, to the fullest extent possible, existing environmental permits, security arrangements, and personnel required for the production of materials critical to Army munitions and weapons requirements. (d) Report Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the use of the authority under this section. (e) Organic industrial base of the Army defined In this section, the term  organic industrial base of the Army  means each depot listed in section 2476(f)(1) of title 10, United States Code.