3124. Office of Environmental Management program-wide performance metrics for reducing risk (a) In general Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall— (1) develop and implement program performance metrics for the Office of Environmental Management (referred to in this section as the  Office ), in addition to the program performance metrics identified in the plan published by the Office of Environmental Management entitled  EM Program Plan 2022 ; and  (2) revise the program performance metrics identified in the  EM Program Plan 2022  in accordance with the requirements of subsection (b). (b) Required elements The program performance metrics described in subsection (a) shall incorporate the following elements: (1) Linkage Each metric shall—  (A) align with the goals and mission of the Department of Energy (referred to in this section as the  Department ) and the Office;  (B) link to the other metrics developed or revised under subsection (a) and any other existing performance metrics of the Department and the Office; and  (C) be clearly communicated throughout the Department and the Office. (2) Clarity Each metric shall be clear and the name and definition of such metric shall be consistent with the methodology used to calculate the metric. (3) Measurable Each metric shall have a numerical goal. (4) Objective Each metric shall be reasonably free from significant bias or manipulation. (5) Reliable Each metric shall produce the same result under similar conditions. (6) Core program activities The metrics shall cover the activities that the Office is expected to perform to support its mission. (7) Limited overlap Each metric shall provide new information beyond any information provided by other metrics. (8) Balance The metrics shall ensure that various priorities of the Office are covered. (9) Effectiveness Each metric shall incorporate an effectiveness measure, such as quality, timeliness, and cost of service. (c) Risk reduction prioritization The program performance metrics described in subsection (a) shall— (1) give first priority to addressing any issues posing an immediate risk to human health or the environment;  (2) give second priority, as appropriate, to addressing issues based on achieving the highest risk reduction benefit per radioactive or hazardous content removed; and  (3) measure the amount of radioactivity or hazardous content removed, as determined by— (A) curies, rads, or rems; (B) pounds of hazardous content removed; or (C) such other appropriate measure. (d) Report (1) In general Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every two years thereafter until 2036, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the outcomes achieved under the program performance metrics described in subsection (a) for each fiscal year covered by such report.  (2) Contents Each report shall identify the cost per curie, rad, or rem of radioactivity and cost per pound of hazardous content removed program-wide, by site, and by mission area.