318. Responsibilities of executive agent for installation and operational nuclear energy (a) Executive agent The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of the Army, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, and the Director of the Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department of Defense, shall ensure that, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, there is designated an executive agent of the Department of Defense for installation and operational nuclear energy. (b) Responsibilities The responsibilities of the executive agent specified in subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) In coordination with the commanders of the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff, assessing installation and operational nuclear energy needs. (2) Consulting with project developers and other experts from the commercial nuclear industry, potential private owners and operators of nuclear reactors to be deployed at military installations, and other persons determined appropriate by the executive agent, to assess the technological capabilities, development status, costs, timelines, risks, and potential need for design evolution of nuclear reactors to meet the needs of the Department of Defense referred to paragraph (1). (3) In coordination with the Secretary of Energy, the Secretaries of the military departments, and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, assessing the technology readiness, licensability, deployability, operability, and maintainability of nuclear reactors with respect to potential deployment at military installations. (4) In coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments, integrating technical and project resources across the Department of Defense for the use of nuclear reactors to meet the needs of the Department of Defense referred to in paragraph (1), including by developing a plan to aggregate the demand for, and the acquisition and deployment of, nuclear reactors across military installations and military departments. (5) In coordination with the Secretary of Energy and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission— (A) evaluating the regulatory framework and other requirements applicable to the use of nuclear reactors to meet such needs; and (B) establishing training programs and plans relating to the acquisition and operation of nuclear reactors to meet such needs. (6) Identifying the timelines and resource requirements necessary for the acquisition and operation of nuclear reactors to meet such needs, including— (A) any support necessary from the national laboratories of the Department of Energy; and (B) any funding necessary to carry out interim pilot programs for the limited deployment of nuclear reactors until such timelines and resource requirements are met. (7) Including resource requirements identified pursuant to paragraph (6), and any other resource requirements necessary to carry out this subsection, in applicable planning, programming, budgeting, and execution processes of the Department of Defense, including by preparing, as applicable— (A) a program objective memorandum for any new resource so required; and (B) a budget justification for any new resource so required for inclusion in the budget materials submitted by the Secretary of Defense to Congress in support of the President’s annual budget request (submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code). (8) Providing technical support for programs of the military departments relating to the deployment of nuclear reactors for installation energy resilience. (c) Annual reports Not later than September 30, 2026, and annually thereafter for a period of five years, the executive agent specified in subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the congressional defense committees a report describing the actions taken to implement this section during the one-year period ending on the date of the submission of such report. (d) Plan for program of record (1) Submission Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the executive agent specified in subsection (a), shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to establish a program of record of the Department of Defense to meet installation and operational nuclear energy needs. (2) Elements The plan under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An identification of requirements necessary for the establishment of the program of record specified in such paragraph. (B) A budget estimate for such program of record through 2030 or through the conclusion of the five-year period following the first date on which a nuclear reactor is deployed at a military installation, whichever is later. (C) A summary of actions taken to implement the responsibilities under subsection (b) and information derived as a result of such actions. (D) Use cases for nuclear reactors, developed in coordination with the commanders of combatant commands with respect to installation and operational needs (including needs relating to the electrification of operational energy, elimination of fuel supply vulnerabilities, military installation resilience, sustainment of military installations, enablement of multi-domain operations, and advanced weaponry). (E) An identification of the minimum potential number of military installations at which nuclear reactors would be necessary to deploy in order to establish a cost-effective program, and projected dates by which such nuclear reactors would achieve initial operational capability. (F) An estimate of fuel requirements necessary to support the deployment of various models of nuclear reactors at military installations, to inform future acquisition planning. (e) Compliance with applicable directive The Secretary shall carry out this section in compliance with Directive 5101.01. (f) Support within Department of Defense In accordance with Directive 5101.01, the Secretary shall ensure that the military departments, the Defense Agencies, and other elements of the Department of Defense provide the executive agent specified in subsection (a) with the appropriate support and resources needed to perform the roles, responsibilities, and authorities of the executive agent. (g) Definitions In this section— (1) The term  Directive 5101.01  means Department of Defense Directive 5101.01, or any successor directive relating to the responsibilities of an executive agent of the Department of Defense. (2) The terms  energy resilience  and  military installation resilience  have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of title 10, United States Code.  (3) The term  executive agent  has the meaning given the term  DoD Executive Agent  in Directive 5101.01. (4) The term  installation and operational nuclear energy  means energy that is— (A) generated by a utilization facility authorized pursuant to section 91b. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2121(b) ); and (B) used exclusively for the purposes of providing— (i) operational energy (as such term is defined in section 2924 of title 10, United States Code); or (ii) the energy required for a military installation (as such term is defined in section 2801 of title 10, United States Code).