3113. Stockpile responsiveness and rapid capabilities programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration (a) In general Subtitle A of title XLII of the Atomic Energy Defense Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq. ) is amended— (1) in section 4220(c)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking  Periodically  and inserting  Continually ; and (ii) by inserting  integrated system demonstrations,   after  flight testing, ; and (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking  Shorten  and inserting  Develop technologies for transition to a nuclear stockpile life extension program or new nuclear weapon program project that have the potential to reduce ; and (ii) by striking  and timelines to minimize  and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting  cost and schedule ; and (2) by adding at the end of the following new section: 4225. Rapid capabilities program (a) In general The Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator and in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall carry out a program (to be known as the  rapid capabilities program ) to develop new nuclear weapons or modified nuclear weapons that meet military requirements. (b) Objectives The program under subsection (a) shall have the following objectives: (1) Identify and assess potential design concepts for rapid development feasability. (2) Carry out projects with the goal of achieving first production unit within 5 years of project initiation. (3) Utilize non-traditional approaches, system-specific requirements, and tailored risk-acceptance processes to favorably balance cost, schedule, and capability. (4) Maximize reuse of existing components, non-serial manufacturing, and limited production quantities. (5) Minimize disruption to other major nuclear weapons stockpile modernization programs. (6) Develop institutional expertise within the nuclear security enterprise for rapid execution of all phases for the joint nuclear weapons life cycle process. (c) Requirements advisory board In carrying out the objectives of the program under subsection (b), the Administrator shall establish an advisory board, which shall be responsible for advising the Administrator with respect to military and deterrence policy requirements related to the activities of the program. Such advisory board shall be composed of the following members: (1) The Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Nuclear Deterrence, Chemical and Biological Defense Policy and Programs. (2) The Director for Strategy, Plans, and Policy of the Joint Staff. (3) The Director of Navy Strategic Systems Programs. (4) The Deputy Commander of Air Force Global Strike Command. (d) Program budget In accordance with the requirements under section 4209, for each budget submitted by the President to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the amounts requested for the program under this section shall be clearly identified in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of that budget. (e) Joint nuclear weapons life cycle process defined In this section, the term  joint nuclear weapons life cycle process  means the process developed and maintained by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy for the development, production, maintenance, and retirement of nuclear weapons. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of contents for such Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4224 the following new item: Sec. 4225. Rapid capabilities program. .