522. Women’s initiative teams (a) In general Chapter 50  of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 997. Establishment of women’s initiative teams (a) Establishment The Secretary concerned shall establish a women’s initiative team in each of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Force to identify and address barriers, if any, to the service, recruitment, retention, and advancement of women in those armed forces. (b) Duties Each women’s initiative team established under subsection (a) shall— (1) identify and address issues, if any, that hinder service by women in the armed force in which such team is established; (2) support the recruitment and retention of women in such armed force; (3) recommend policy changes that support the needs of women members of such armed force; and (4) foster a sense of community. (c) Composition Each women’s initiative team established under subsection (a) shall be composed of members of the armed force in which such team is established of a variety of ranks, backgrounds, and occupational specialities. (d) Collaboration A women’s initiative team established under subsection (a) shall work collaboratively with the leadership of the armed force in which such team is established and other stakeholders to carry out the duties described in subsection (b). . (b) Reports Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the date that is five years after such date, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the activities and progress of each women’s initiative team established under section 996 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a). Each report shall include the following: (1) A description of the structure, membership, and organizational alignment of each women’s initiative team. (2) A summary of key activities and initiatives undertaken by each team. (3) An assessment of the impact of such activities on improving conditions for women, including measurable outcomes where available. (4) Recommendations for legislative or policy changes to further support the success of the teams.