571. Transition Assistance Program: amendments; pilot program; reports (a) Provision of preseparation counseling: in-person to the extent practicable Subsection (a) of section 1142 of title 10, United States Code, is amended, in paragraph (2)— (1) by inserting  (A)  before  In carrying ; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (B) Preseparation counseling may be provided in person to the extent practicable. If the Secretary concerned determines that it is infeasible for a member to attend such counseling in person, such member may receive such counseling remotely, with online access to modules and reading materials. . (b) Tracking of timeliness Such subsection is further amended, in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (C) The Secretary of Defense may implement a system to track how many, and what percentage of, members begin to receive preseparation counseling within time periods specified in this paragraph. . (c) Waiver for certain members of the reserve components Such subsection is further amended, in paragraph (4), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (D) The Secretary concerned may waive the requirement for preseparation counseling under paragraph (1) in the case of a member of the reserve components if— (i) the member requests such a waiver; (ii) the member received preseparation counseling during the period of three years preceding the date of such request; and (iii) matters covered by such counseling, specified in subsection (b), have not changed since the member last received such counseling. . (d) Minimum amount of counseling regarding financial planning Such subsection is further amended, in paragraph (9)— (1) by inserting  (A)  before  Financial ; (2) by inserting  and debt management,  after  loans  ; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (B) Individualized assistance regarding matters described in subparagraph (A). . (e) Website of the Department of Veterans Affairs regarding programs for new veterans Section 523 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (c) The Secretary shall maintain a publicly available website of the Department through which a veteran or dependent of a veteran may search by ZIP code for programs for— (1) veterans who recently separated from active military, naval, air, or space service; or (2) dependents of veterans described in paragraph (1). . (f) Pilot program for military spouses (1) Authority Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense may establish a pilot program for spouses of members of the covered Armed Forces who are eligible to receive preseparation counseling under TAP. (2) Voluntary basis Participation in such a pilot program shall be on a voluntary basis. (3) Curriculum The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Labor, shall establish a curriculum based on TAP for such a pilot program. The Secretary of Defense shall notify the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives of such establishment (4) Counseling Counseling under such a pilot program shall— (A) be tailored to the military spouse and family; (B) be offered at least once per calendar quarter at each location selected under paragraph (5); (C) be scheduled and delivered in a manner that maximizes accessibility for military spouses, including through flexible or alternative scheduling options; and  (D) include at least one hour regarding benefits and assistance available to military families and veterans from each department under the jurisdiction of the Secretaries specified in paragraph (3). (5) Locations The Secretary of Defense shall carry out such a pilot program at not more than five military installations. At least one such location shall be located outside the continental United States. (6) Report During the term of pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services and on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives an annual report regarding the pilot program. Such report shall include elements the Secretary determines appropriate, including the recommendation of the Secretary whether the pilot program should be made permanent or expanded. (7) Termination Such a pilot program shall terminate three years after the Secretary of Defense establishes the pilot program. (8) Definitions In this subsection: (A) The term  covered Armed Force  means the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, or Space Force. (B) The term  TAP  means the Transition Assistance Program under sections 1142 and 1144 of title 10, United States Code. (g) Annual report on TAP participation Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for three years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services and on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the Transition Assistance Program at five military installations, of various sizes, including at least one location outside the continental United States, where at least 250 members per year receive preseparation counseling under section 1142 of title 10, United States Code. Such report shall include the following elements with regards to the year preceding the date of such report, disaggregated by military installation: (1) The number of members who have not accepted an offer of full-time employment or have not enrolled in a program of education or vocational training, who received fewer than five days of preseparation counseling under such section. (2) The average period of time between when a member begins to receive preseparation counseling and the day the member separates, retires, or is discharged. (3) The number of members who began but did not complete preseparation counseling, and, to the extent practicable, the reason for non-completion. (4) The number of members assigned to each pathway under subsection (c) of such section.