535. Selective Service System: automatic registration (a) Automatic registration The Military Selective Service Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq. ) is amended by striking section 3 ( 50 U.S.C. 3802 ) and inserting the following new section 3: 3. (a) (1) Except as otherwise provided in this title, every male citizen of the United States, and every other male person residing in the United States, between the ages of eighteen and twenty-six, shall be automatically registered under this Act by the Director of the Selective Service System. (2) This section shall not apply to any alien lawfully admitted to the United States as a nonimmigrant under section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101 ) for so long as such alien continues to maintain a lawful nonimmigrant status in the United States. (b) Regulations prescribed pursuant to this section (a) may require— (1) a person subject to registration under this section to provide, to the Director, information (including date of birth, address, social security account number, phone number, and email address) regarding such person; (2) a Federal entity to provide, to the Director, information described in paragraph (1) that the Director determines necessary to identify or register a person subject to registration under this section; and (3) the Director to provide, to a person registered under this section, written notification that— (A) such person has been so registered; and (B) if such person is not required to be so registered, the procedure by which such person may correct such registration. . (b) Technical and conforming amendments The Military Selective Service Act is further amended— (1) in section 4 ( 50 U.S.C. 3803 )— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking  required to register  each place it appears and inserting  registered ; (ii) by striking  at the time fixed for his registration, ; and (iii) by striking  who is required to register  and inserting  registered ; (B) in subsection (k)(2), in the matter following subparagraph(B), by striking  liable for registration  and inserting  registered ; (2) in section 6(a) ( 50 U.S.C. 3806(a) )— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking  required to be ; (ii) by striking  subject to registration  and inserting  registered ; and (iii) by striking  liable for registration and training  and inserting  registered and liable for training ; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking  required to be  each place it appears; (3) in section 10(b)(3) ( 50 U.S.C. 3809(b)(3) ) by striking  registration, ; (4) in section 12 ( 50 U.S.C. 3811 )— (A) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking  , neglecting, or refusing to perform the duty of registering imposed by  and inserting  registration under ; and (ii) by striking  , or within five years next after the last day before such person does perform his duty to register, whichever shall first occur ; (B) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking  the Secretary of Health and Human Services  and inserting  Federal agencies ; (ii) by striking  by a proclamation of the President  and inserting  to be registered ; (iii) by striking  to present themselves for and submit to registration under such section ; and (iv) by striking  by the Secretary ; and (C) by striking subsection (g) ( 50 U.S.C. 3811(g) ); and (5) in section 15(a) ( 50 U.S.C. 3813(a) ), by striking  upon publication by the President of a proclamation or other public notice fixing a time for any registration under section 3 . (c) Effective date The amendments made by this section shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act.