573. Improvements to information-sharing to support individuals retiring or separating from the Armed Forces (a) Opt-out sharing Section 570F of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ;  10 U.S.C. 1142  note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking  out the form to indicate an email address  and inserting the following: “out the form to indicate— (1) an email address ; (B) in paragraph (1), as designated by subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end and inserting  ; and ; (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (2) if the individual would like to opt-out of the transmittal of the individual’s information to and through a State veterans agency as described in subsection (a). ; and (2) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: (d) Opt-out of information sharing Information on an individual shall be transmitted to and through a State veterans agency as described in subsection (a) unless the individual indicates pursuant to subsection (c)(2) that the individual would like to opt out of such transmittal. . (b) Storage and transfer of information Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (e) Storage and transfer of information (1) In general The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into memoranda of understanding or other agreements with the State veterans agencies described in subsection (a) to create or modify a Department system to store and transfer information under this section to information systems of such State veterans agencies. (2) Compliance The Secretary shall ensure that any agreement entered into under paragraph (1) is in compliance with— (A) applicable provisions of law relating to privacy and personally identifiable information; and (B) applicable policies relating to cybersecurity of Department information systems and State information systems. . (c) Limitation on use of information Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (f) Limitation on use of information Information transferred under this section may only be used by a State for the purpose of providing or connecting veterans to benefits or services as described in subsection (a). .