501. Space Force general officer management (a) Distribution of commissioned officers on active service in general officer grades Section 525 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting  or the Space Force officer list  after  officer on the active duty list ; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking  officers in the grade of general  and inserting  officers on sustained duty orders in the grade of general ; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking  officers in a grade above  and inserting  officers on sustained duty orders in a grade above ; and (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking  officers in the grade  and inserting  officers on sustained duty orders in the grade ; and (2) in subsection (h), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) The limitations of this section do not apply to a Space Force general officer serving in a Space Force active status but not on sustained duty orders, and who is on active service for a period in excess of 365 days but not to exceed three years. Unless authorized by the Secretary of Defense, the number of Space Force general officers covered by this subsection and not serving in a joint duty assignment for purposes of chapter 38 of this title may not exceed two. Not later than 30 days after authorizing more than two Space Force general officers covered by this subsection, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the notification required in accordance with paragraph (2). . (b) Authorized strength of Space Force general officers on active service Section 526 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting  and of the Space Force  after  components ; (B) in paragraph (1), by inserting  or of the Space Force  after  a reserve component ; (C) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: (D) The Secretary of the Air Force may authorize not more than two of the general officers authorized to serve in the Space Force under section 20110 of this title to serve on active service for a period of at least 180 days and not longer than 365 days. ; and (D) in paragraph (3)(A), by inserting  , or a Space Force general officer in a Space Force active status not on sustained duty,  after  a reserve component ; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking  officer; or  and inserting  officer; ; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting  ; or ; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: (3) a Space Force officer in the grade of brigadier general or above who is pending transition off of sustained duty orders, but only during the 60-day period preceding the end date of such orders. . (c) Strength in grade: Space Force general officers in a Space Force active status not on sustained duty Chapter 2003 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 20110. Strength in grade: Space Force general officers in a Space Force active status, not on sustained duty (a) Authorized strength The authorized strength of general officers in the Space Force serving in a Space Force active status but not on sustained duty is five. (b) Exclusions The following Space Force general officers shall not be counted for purposes of this section: (1) Those counted under section 526 of this title. (2) Those serving in a joint duty assignment for purposes of chapter 38 of this title, except that the number of officers who may be excluded under this paragraph may not exceed two. (c) Permanent grade A Space Force general officer may not be reduced in permanent grade because of a reduction in the number authorized under subsection (a). (d) Temporary exclusion The limitations of subsection (a) do not apply to an officer released from a joint duty assignment or other non-joint active service assignment, but only during the 60-day period beginning on the date the officer departs the joint duty or other active service assignment. The Secretary of Defense may authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to extend the 60-day period by an additional 120 days, except that not more than three Space Force officers may be covered by an extension under this subsection at the same time. .