6103. Management structure for nuclear security enterprise (a) In general The Administrator shall establish a management structure for the nuclear security enterprise in accordance with the National Nuclear Security Administration Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2401 et seq. ). (b) National nuclear security administration council (1) The Administrator shall establish a council to be known as the  National Nuclear Security Administration Council . The Council may advise the Administrator on— (A) scientific and technical issues relating to policy matters; (B) operational concerns; (C) strategic planning; (D) the development of priorities relating to the mission and operations of the Administration and the nuclear security enterprise; and (E) such other matters as the Administrator determines appropriate. (2) The Council shall be composed of the directors of the national security laboratories and the nuclear weapons production facilities. (3) The Council may provide the Administrator or the Secretary of Energy recommendations— (A) for improving the governance, management, effectiveness, and efficiency of the Administration; and (B) relating to any other matter in accordance with paragraph (1). (4) Not later than 60 days after the date on which any recommendation under paragraph (3) is received, the Administrator or the Secretary, as the case may be, shall respond to the Council with respect to whether such recommendation will be implemented and the reasoning for implementing or not implementing such recommendation.  (c) Rule of construction This section may not be construed as affecting the authority of the Secretary of Energy, in carrying out national security programs, with respect to the management, planning, and oversight of the Administration or as affecting the delegation by the Secretary of authority to carry out such activities, as set forth under subsection (a) of section 4102 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2512 ) as it existed before the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 ( Public Law 112–239 ; 126 Stat. 2169).