6504. Chaplain Corps and Chief of Chaplains of the Central Intelligence Agency (a) In general Section 26 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 ( 50 U.S.C. 3527 ) is amended to read as follows:  26. Chaplain Corps and Chief of Chaplains (a) Establishment of Chaplain Corps There is in the Agency a Chaplain Corps, which shall provide spiritual and religious pastoral services and care across all components of the Agency for employees of all faiths and non-faiths. (b) Chief of Chaplains (1) In general The head of the Chaplain Corps shall be the Chief of Chaplains, who shall be appointed by the Director. (2) Reporting  The Chief of Chaplains shall report directly to the Director. (3) Duties The Chief of Chaplains shall— (A) oversee the Chaplain Corps; and (B) be the proponent for, and consult with the Director on— (i) all guidance pertaining to chaplains’ care; (ii) programming and instruction; and (iii) any policy or guidance pertaining to religion or religious accommodation. (4) Consultation All appropriate offices of the Agency shall consult with the Chief of Chaplains on best practices to implement guidance or policy pertaining to religion or religious accommodation. (c) Services Chaplains of the Chaplain Corps shall— (1) be located at the headquarters building of the Agency; and (2) travel as necessary to provide services to personnel of the Agency. (d) Staff (1) Minimum staffing level The Chaplain Corps shall be composed of not less than 6 chaplains, of which— (A) not less than 3 shall be full-time staff employees of the Agency; and (B) not less than 3 shall be government contractors. (2) Vacancies The Director shall expeditiously fill any vacancies. (3) Exclusive role A chaplain of the Chaplain Corps shall serve exclusively in the chaplain’s role in the Chaplain Corps. (4) Appointment; compensation The Director may appoint and fix the compensation of such chaplains of the Chaplain Corps as the Director considers appropriate, except that the Director may not provide basic pay to any chaplain of the Chaplain Corps at an annual rate of basic pay in excess of the maximum rate of basic pay for grade GS–15 of the General Schedule under section 5332 of title 5, United States Code. (e) Administration The Director shall— (1) provide security clearances, including one-time read-ins, to chaplains of the Chaplain Corps to ensure that personnel of the Agency can seek unrestricted chaplaincy counseling; and (2) furnish physical workspace for the Chaplain Corps at the headquarters building of the Agency. (f) Privacy The Director shall implement privacy standards with respect to the physical workspaces of the Chaplain Corps to ensure privacy for individuals visiting such spaces. (g) Protection of Chaplain Corps The Director may not require a chaplain of the Chaplain Corps to perform any rite, ritual, or ceremony that is contrary to the conscience, moral principles, or religious beliefs of the chaplain or of the ecclesiastical organization that ordains the chaplain. (h) Certifications to Congress Not less frequently than annually, the Director shall certify to Congress whether implementation of this section meets the requirements of this section. . (b) Applicability of Minimum Staffing Requirement The minimum staffing level required by subsection (d)(1) of section 26 (as amended by subsection (a)) shall apply on and after the date that is 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.