7252. Review and modification of Coast Guard Academy policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence (a) In general The Superintendent of the Coast Guard Academy (referred to in this section as the  Superintendent ) shall— (1) not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, commence a review of the Coast Guard Academy policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence established in accordance with section 1902 of title 14, United States Code, that includes an evaluation as to whether any long-standing Coast Guard Academy tradition, system, process, or internal policy impedes the implementation of necessary evidence-informed best practices followed by other military service academies in prevention, response, and recovery relating to sexual harassment and sexual violence; and (2) not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act— (A) complete such review; and (B) modify such policy in accordance with subsection (b). (b) Modifications to policy In modifying the Coast Guard Academy policy on sexual harassment and sexual violence referred to in subsection (a), the Superintendent shall ensure that such policy includes the following: (1) Each matter required to be specified by section 1902(b) of title 14, United States Code. (2) Updates to achieve compliance with  chapter 47  of title 10, United States Code (Uniform Code of Military Justice). (3) A description of the roles and responsibilities of staff of the Coast Guard Academy Sexual Assault Prevention, Response, and Recovery program, including— (A) the Sexual Assault Response Coordinator; (B) the Victim Advocate Program Specialist; (C) the Volunteer Victim Advocate; and (D) the Primary Prevention Specialist, as established under subsection (c). (4) A description of the role of the Coast Guard Investigative Service with respect to sexual harassment and sexual violence prevention, response, and recovery at the Coast Guard Academy. (5) A description of the role of support staff at the Coast Guard Academy, including chaplains, with respect to sexual harassment and sexual violence prevention, response, and recovery. (6) Measures to promote awareness of dating violence. (7) A delineation of the relationship between— (A) cadet advocacy groups organized for the prevention of, response to, and recovery from sexual harassment and sexual violence, including Cadets Against Sexual Assault; and (B) the staff of the Coast Guard Academy Sexual Assault Prevention, Response, and Recovery program. (8) A provision that requires cadets and Coast Guard Academy personnel to participate in not fewer than one in-person training each academic year on the prevention of, responses to, and resources relating to incidents of sexual harassment and sexual violence, to be provided by the staff of the Coast Guard Academy Sexual Assault Prevention, Response, and Recovery program. (9) The establishment, revision, or expansion, as necessary, of an anti-retaliation Superintendent’s Instruction for cadets who— (A) report incidents of sexual harassment or sexual violence; (B) participate in cadet advocacy groups that advocate for the prevention of, response to, and recovery from sexual harassment and sexual violence; or (C) seek assistance from a company officer, company senior enlisted leader, athletic coach, or other Coast Guard Academy staff member with respect to a mental health or other medical emergency. (10) A provision that explains the purpose of and process for issuance of a no-contact order at the Coast Guard Academy, including a description of the manner in which such an order shall be enforced. (11) A provision that explains the purpose of and process for issuance of a military protective order at the Coast Guard Academy, including a description of— (A) the manner in which such an order shall be enforced; and (B) the associated requirement to notify the National Criminal Information Center of the issuance of such an order. (c) Primary prevention specialist Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Superintendent shall hire a Primary Prevention Specialist, to be located and serve at the Coast Guard Academy. (d) Temporary leave of absence to receive medical services and mental health and related support services The Superintendent shall ensure that the Academy’s policy regarding a cadet who has made a restricted or unrestricted report of sexual harassment to request a leave of absence from the Coast Guard Academy is consistent with other military service academies.