7111. Annual report on progress of certain homeporting projects (a) Report (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the status of shore infrastructure required to homeport or station all surface and aviation assets to be delivered as part of Level 1 or Level 2 acquisitions that have entered the obtain phase as authorized under section 1132(b) of title 14, United States Code. (2) Elements The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of the current homeports and stations to which of Coast Guard cutters and aircraft are assigned; (B) a description of cutters or aircrafts that are able to be located by the homeport or station to which they are assigned; (C) the current number of aircraft and cutters planned for the program of record of the Coast Guard; (D) a description of cutter and aircraft which are scheduled to be decommissioned or put in special commission status; and (E) a description of where new cutters and aircraft being acquired as part of the program of record of the Coast Guard will be assigned, including— (i) an assessment of the shoreside and infrastructure needs for such cutters and aircrafts; and (ii) an assessment of whether existing facilities are adequate to support such cutter and aircraft, and the costs of planning, engineering, design construction, land acquisition, and environmental remediation. (b) Initial report (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall issue a report detailing the progress of all approved Coast Guard cutter homeporting projects within the Coast Guard Arctic District with respect to each of the following: (A) Fast Response Cutters. (B) Offshore Patrol Cutters. (C) The USCGC Storis procured pursuant to section 11223 of the Don Young Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2022 ( 14 U.S.C. 561  note). (2) Elements The report required under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to each homeporting project described in such paragraph, the following: (A) A description of— (i) the status of funds appropriated for the project; (ii) activities carried out toward completion of the project; and (iii) activities anticipated to be carried out during the subsequent 1-year period to advance completion of the project. (B) An updated timeline, including key milestones, for the project. (c) Subsequent reports Not later than July 1 of the first calendar year after the year in which the report required under subsection (b)(1) is submitted, and each July 1 thereafter until July 2, 2031, or the date on which all projects described in subsection (b)(1) are completed, the Commandant shall issue an updated report, with respect to each Coast Guard cutter homeporting project described in subsection (a)(1) (including any such project approved on a date after the date of enactment of this Act and before the submission of the applicable report), containing each element described in subsection (a)(2). (d) Report on capacity of Coast Guard Base Ketchikan (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall complete a report detailing the cost of and time frame for expanding the industrial capacity of Coast Guard Base Ketchikan to do out of water repairs on Fast Response Cutters. (2) Report Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the report required under paragraph (1). (e) Public availability The Commandant shall publish each report issued under this section on a publicly accessible website of the Coast Guard. (f) Homeporting project defined In this section, the term  homeporting project  means the facility infrastructure modifications, upgrades, new construction, and real property and land acquisition associated with homeporting new or modified cutters.