7602. Comptroller General study on vessel traffic service center employment, compensation, and retention (a) Definition of vessel traffic service center In this section, the term  vessel traffic service center  has the meaning given the term in section 70001(m) of title 46, United States Code. (b) In general Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall commence a study on employment compensation, competitiveness, assignment, and retention of civilian and military personnel assigned to or otherwise employed at vessel traffic service centers in the United States. (c) Elements The study required under subsection (b) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the extent to which the classification, assignment, selection, and pay rates of personnel assigned to or otherwise employed at vessel traffic service centers are commensurate with the required experience, duties, safety functions, and responsibilities of such positions. (2) An assessment of the appropriate classification, assignment, selection, and pay rate, as well as nonmonetary employment incentives, that would foster a robust and competitive civilian candidate pool for employment opportunities in civilian positions at vessel traffic service centers. (3) An analysis of the average civilian employment retention rate and average term of employment of civilian personnel, by position, at vessel traffic service centers. (4) An analysis of existing special payments, as discussed in the report by the Government Accountability Office entitled  Federal Pay: Opportunities Exist to Enhance Strategic Use of Special Payments  (published December 7, 2017; GAO–18–91), that may be available to personnel assigned to or otherwise employed at vessel traffic service centers. (5) An evaluation of all assignment parameters and civilian hiring authority codes used by the Coast Guard in assigning and hiring personnel assigned to or otherwise employed at vessel traffic service centers. (6) An analysis of whether opportunities exist to refine, consolidate, or expand Coast Guard civilian hiring authorities for purposes of hiring personnel at the vessel traffic service centers. (7) An assessment of the ability of the composition, as in effect on the first day of the study, of military and civilian personnel assigned to or otherwise employed at vessel traffic service centers to ensure safety on the waterways and to manage increasing demand for vessel traffic services, taking into account the ranks and grades of such personnel, the respective experience levels and training of such personnel, and the respective duties, safety functions, and responsibilities of such personnel. (8) An assessment of, and recommendations to improve, the Coast Guard’s efforts to support the career progression of and advancement opportunities for officers and enlisted members of the Coast Guard assigned to vessel traffic service centers. (d) Report Not later than 1 year after commencing the study required under subsection (b), the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study.