7221. Designation of officers with particular expertise in military justice or healthcare (a) In general Subchapter I of  chapter 21  of title 14, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following: 2132. Designation of officers with particular expertise in military justice or healthcare (a) Secretary designation The Secretary may designate a limited number of officers of the Coast Guard as having particular expertise in— (1) military justice; or (2) healthcare. (b) Promotion and grade An individual designated under this section— (1) shall not be included on the active duty promotion list; (2) shall be promoted under section 2126; and (3) may not be promoted to a grade higher than captain. . (b) Clerical amendment The analysis for  chapter 21  of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to  section 2131  the following: 2132. Designation of officers with particular expertise in military justice or healthcare. . (c) Conforming amendments (1) Section 2102(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended, in the second sentence by striking  and officers of the permanent commissioned teaching staff of the Coast Guard Academy  and inserting  officers of the permanent commissioned teaching staff of the Coast Guard Academy, and officers designated by the Secretary pursuant this section . (2) Subsection (e) of section 2103 of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: (e) Secretary to prescribe numbers for certain officers The Secretary shall prescribe the number of officers authorized to be serving on active duty in each grade of— (1) the permanent commissioned teaching staff of the Coast Guard Academy; (2) the officers designated by the Secretary pursuant to this section; and (3) the officers of the Reserve serving in connection with organizing, administering, recruiting, instructing, or training the reserve components. . (3) Section 2126 of title 14, United States Code, is amended, in the second sentence, by inserting  and as to officers designated by the Secretary pursuant to this section  after  reserve components . (4) Section 3736(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the first sentence by striking  promotion list and the  and inserting  promotion list, officers designated by the Secretary pursuant to this section, and the officers on the ; and (B) in the second sentence by striking  promotion list or the  and inserting  promotion list, officers designated by the Secretary pursuant to this section, or the officers on the .