7244. Authorization for use of Coast Guard Academy facilities and equipment by covered foundations (a) In general Subchapter I of  chapter 19  of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 1908. Authorization for use of Coast Guard Academy facilities and equipment by covered foundations (a) Authority Subject to subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary, with the concurrence of the Superintendent of the Coast Guard Academy, may authorize a covered foundation to use, on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis as determined by the Secretary, facilities or equipment of the Coast Guard Academy. (b) Prohibition The Secretary may not authorize any use of facilities or equipment under subsection (a) if such use may jeopardize the health, safety, or well-being of any member of the Coast Guard or cadet of the Coast Guard Academy. (c) Limitations The Secretary may only authorize the use of facilities or equipment under subsection (a) if such use— (1) is without any liability of the United States to the covered foundation; (2) does not— (A) affect the ability of any official or employee of the Coast Guard, or any member of the armed forces, to carry out any responsibility or duty in a fair and objective manner; (B) compromise the integrity or appearance of integrity of any program of the Coast Guard, or any individual involved in any such program; or (C) include the participation of any cadet of the Coast Guard Academy at an event of the covered foundation, other than participation of such a cadet in an honor guard; (3) complies with any applicable ethics regulation; and (4) has been reviewed and approved by an attorney of the Coast Guard. (d) Issuance of policies The Secretary shall issue Coast Guard policies to carry out this section. (e) Briefing For any fiscal year in which the Secretary exercises the authority under subsection (a), not later than the last day of such fiscal year, the Commandant shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the number of events or activities of a covered foundation supported by such exercise of authority during the fiscal year. (f) Covered foundation defined In this section, the term  covered foundation  means an organization that— (1) is a charitable, educational, or civic nonprofit organization under  section 501(c)(3)  of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and (2) the Secretary determines operates exclusively to support— (A) recruiting activities with respect to the Coast Guard Academy;  (B) parent or alumni development in support of the Coast Guard Academy;  (C) academic, leadership, or character development of Coast Guard Academy cadets;  (D) institutional development of the Coast Guard Academy; or  (E) athletics in support of the Coast Guard Academy. . (b) Clerical amendment The analysis for  chapter 19  of title 14, United States Code, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1907 the following: 1908. Authorization for use of Coast Guard Academy facilities and equipment by covered foundations. .