7609. Comptroller General study on athletic coaching at Coast Guard Academy (a) In general Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States, in consultation with the Superintendent of the Coast Guard Academy, shall commence a study on the number of administratively determined billets for teaching and coaching necessary to support Coast Guard Academy recruitment, intercollegiate athletics, health and physical education, and leadership development programs. (b) Elements The study required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An identification of the number of full-time and part-time employees performing coaching functions at the Coast Guard Academy whose positions are funded by a nonappropriated fund instrumentality of the Coast Guard. (2) An identification of the number of full-time and part-time employees whose positions are funded by a nonappropriated fund instrumentality performing coaching functions at the following: (A) The United States Military Academy. (B) The United States Naval Academy. (C) The United States Air Force Academy. (D) The United States Merchant Marine Academy. (3) An analysis of the roles performed by athletic coaches with respect to officer development at the Coast Guard Academy, including the specific functions of athletic coaches within the health and physical education and leadership development program curriculums. (4) An identification of any adverse impacts on or deficiencies in cadet training and officer development resulting from an inadequate number of administratively determined billets for teaching and coaching at the Coast Guard Academy. (c) Consultation In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller General may consult a federally funded research and development center. (d) Report The Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee of Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study conducted under this section.