8103. Disclosures by directors, officers, and principal stockholders (a) Short title This section may be cited as the  Holding Foreign Insiders Accountable Act . (b) Disclosures (1) Amendments Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 15 U.S.C. 78p(a) ) is amended—  (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting  (including, solely for the purposes of this subsection, every person who is a director or an officer of a foreign private issuer, as that term is defined in section 240.3b–4 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation)  after  an officer of the issuer of such security ;  (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting  ; or ; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: (D) with respect to a foreign private issuer, the securities of which are, as of the date of enactment of the  Holding Foreign Insiders Accountable Act , registered pursuant to subsection (b) or (g) of section 12, on the date that is 90 days after that date of enactment. ; (C) in paragraph (4)(A), by inserting  and in English  after  electronically ; and (D) by adding at the end the following: (5) Authority to exempt The Commission by rule, regulation, or order, may conditionally or unconditionally exempt any person, security, or transaction, or any class or classes of persons, securities, or transactions, from the requirements of this section if the Commission determines that the laws of a foreign jurisdiction apply substantially similar requirements to such person, security, or transaction. . (2) Effective date The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) Effect on regulation If any provision of section 240.3a12–3(b) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation, is inconsistent with the amendments made by subsection (b), that provision of such section 240.3a12–3(b) (or such successor) shall have no force or effect beginning on the effective date described in subsection (b)(2). (d) Issuance or amendment of regulations (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall issue final regulations (or amend or rescind, in whole or in part, existing regulations of the Commission) to carry out the amendments made by subsection (b). (2) Additional rulemaking The Securities and Exchange Commission may issue such additional regulations (or amend or rescind, in whole or in part, existing regulations of the Commission) as necessary to implement the intent of this section.