8617A. United States Navy Museum System (a) In general The Secretary of the Navy shall support a system of official Navy museums, which shall collectively be known as the  United States Navy Museum System . Such system shall include the following museums:  (1) The National Museum of the United States Navy. (2) The United States Naval Academy Museum. (3) The Naval War College Museum. (4) The Submarine Force Museum. (5) The National Naval Aviation Museum. (6) The USS Constitution Naval History and Heritage Command, Detachment Boston. (7) The United States Navy Seabee Museum. (8) The Puget Sound Navy Museum. (9) The Naval Undersea Museum. (10) The National Museum of the American Sailor. (11) The Hampton Roads Naval Museum. (12) Such other museums as may be designated by the Secretary of the Navy that meet criteria established under subsection (b). (b) Criteria for designation The Secretary of the Navy shall establish criteria for designating museums other than museums identified in paragraphs (1) through (11) of subsection (a) for inclusion in the United States Navy Museum System. Such criteria shall include— (1) historical significance to naval operations, technology, or personnel; (2) public accessibility and educational outreach programs; and (3) alignment with the mission of the Navy to preserve its heritage. (c) Criteria for closure The Secretary of the Navy shall establish criteria for the closure of museums within the United States Navy Museum System. No museum within such system may be closed until— (1) the Secretary of the Navy submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate notice that includes— (A) a plan for the preservation, storage, or alternate display of historical collections contained in the museum; (B) how any issues relating to museum personnel will be resolved;  (C) an identification of any efforts to maintain museum operations through public-private partnerships; and (D) an analysis of the cost to transport, consolidate, and preserve the historical collections contained in the museum; and (2) a period of 90 days has elapsed after the date on which such notice is received by such committees. (d) Funding and support Consistent with applicable law, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into partnerships, including with nonprofit organizations, to enhance the financial sustainability and public engagement of the museums in the United States Museum System.