8512. Definitions In this subtitle: (1) Appropriate congressional committees The term  appropriate congressional committees  means— (A) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (2) Country of concern The term  country of concern  means the People’s Republic of China, including the Hong Kong and Macau Special Administrative Regions. (3) Covered foreign person The term  covered foreign person  means a foreign person— (A) that is incorporated in, has a principal place of business in, or is organized under the laws of a country of concern; (B) that is a member of the Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party or member of the political leadership of a country of concern; (C) that is the state or the government of a country of concern, as well as any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality thereof; (D) that is subject to the direction or control of any entity described in subparagraphs (A) through (C); or (E) that is owned in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, 50 percent or more by an entity or a group of entities described in subparagraphs (A) through (C); and (F) that knowingly engaged in significant operations in the defense and related materiel sector or the surveillance technology sector of the economy of a country of concern. (4) Foreign person The term  foreign person  means a person that is not a United States person. (5) Knowingly The term  knowingly , with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result.  (6) Non-SDN Chinese Military-Industrial Complex Companies List The term  Non-SDN Chinese Military-Industrial Complex Companies List  means the list maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury under Executive Order 13959, as amended by Executive Order 14032 ( 50 U.S.C. 1701  note; relating to addressing the threat from securities investments that finance certain companies of the People’s Republic of China), or any successor order. (7) Person The term  person  means an individual or entity. (8) United States person The term  United States person  means— (A) any United States citizen or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence to the United States;  (B) an entity organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States (including any foreign branch of such an entity); or (C) any person in the United States.