8102. Review of and reporting on national security sensitive sites for purposes of reviews of real estate transactions by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (a) List of national security sensitive sites Section 721(a)(4)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4565(a)(4)(C) ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (iii) List of sites (I) In general For purposes of subparagraph (B)(ii)(II)(bb), the Committee may prescribe, through regulations, a list of military installations or other facilities or properties of the United States Government that are sensitive for reasons relating to national security. Such list may include certain facilities or properties of the intelligence community and National Laboratories (as defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( 42 U.S.C. 15801 )). (II) Periodic review of list Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this clause, and periodically thereafter, each member of the Committee shall— (aa) review the installations, facilities, and properties, if any, included by that member on the list developed under subclause (I); and (bb) submit to the chairperson a report on that review, after approval of the report by the Assistant Secretary or equivalent official designated for the agency under subsection (k)(4)(A)(i), which shall include— (AA) any recommended updates or revisions to the list regarding installations, facilities, and properties administered by the member of the Committee; (BB) any recommendations with respect to what distance, including close proximity or extended range, should apply for purposes of real estate described in subparagraph (B)(ii)(II)(bb); and (CC) a detailed justification and risk assessment underlying any recommendations made under subitem (BB). . (b) Annual report Section 721(m)(2) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4565(m)(2) ) is amended by adding at the end the following: (L) Information on whether the most recent list of sites identified under subsection (a)(4)(C)(iii) reflects consideration of any recommended updates and revisions submitted under subclause (II) of that subsection. Upon request from the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, the Committee shall provide to that committee a classified briefing regarding that list. .