8403. Cooperative Aviation Centers (a) In general Section 218 of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Act of 2002 ( 33 U.S.C. 3008 ) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking  aviation accession training programs  and inserting  Cooperative Aviation Centers ; (2) in subsection (a), by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: (2) Cooperative Aviation Center The term  Cooperative Aviation Center  means a Cooperative Aviation Center designated under subsection (b)(1). ; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking  Aviation Accession Training Programs  and inserting  Cooperative Aviation Centers ; (B) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4); (C) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); (D) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: (1) Designation required The Administrator shall designate one or more Cooperative Aviation Centers for the commissioned officer corps of the Administration at institutions described in paragraph (3). (2) Purpose The purpose of Cooperative Aviation Centers is to facilitate the development and recruitment of aviators for the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. ; and (E) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), inserting  that  after  educational institution ; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking  that requests  and inserting  applies ; (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking  that has  and inserting  has ; and (II) by striking the semicolon and inserting  ; and ; (iv) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by striking  that is located  and inserting  is located ; (II) by striking clause (ii); (III) by striking  that—  and all that follows through  experiences  and inserting  that experiences ; and (IV) by striking  ; and  and inserting a period; and (v) by striking subparagraph (D); and (4) by striking subsections (c), (d), and (e) and inserting the following: (c) Cooperative Aviation Centers advisor (1) Assignment The Administrator shall assign an officer or employee of the commissioned officer corps of the Administration to serve as the Cooperative Aviation Centers Advisor. (2) Duties The Cooperative Aviation Centers Advisor shall— (A) coordinate all engagement of the Administration with Cooperative Aviation Centers, including assistance with curriculum development; and (B) serve as the chief aviation recruiting officer for the commissioned officer corps of the Administration. . (b) Clerical amendment The table of contents in section 1 of the Act entitled  An Act to reauthorize the Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998, and for other purposes  ( Public Law 107–372 ) is amended by striking the item relating to section 218 and inserting the following: Sec.218.Cooperative Aviation Centers. .