8420. Disclosure of information Section 12 ( 16 U.S.C. 973j ) is amended to read as follows: 12. Disclosure of information (a) Prohibited disclosure of certain information Pursuant to section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary shall keep confidential and may not disclose the following information: (1) Information provided to the Secretary by the Administrator that the Administrator has designated confidential. (2) Information collected by observers. (3) Information submitted to the Secretary by any person in compliance with the requirements of this Act. (b) Authorized disclosure of certain information The Secretary may disclose information described in subsection (a)— (1) if disclosure is ordered by a court; (2) if the information is used by a Federal employee— (A) for enforcement; or (B) in support of the homeland security missions and non-homeland security missions of the Coast Guard as defined in section 888 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 468 ); (3) if the information is used by a Federal employee or an employee of a Fishery Management Council for the administration of the Treaty or fishery management and monitoring; (4) to the Administrator, in accordance with the requirements of the Treaty and this Act; (5) to the secretariat or equivalent of an international fisheries management organization of which the United States is a member, in accordance with the requirements or decisions of such organization, and insofar as possible, in accordance with an agreement that prevents public disclosure of the identity of any person that submits such information; (6) if the Secretary has obtained written authorization from the person providing such information, and disclosure does not violate other requirements of this Act; or (7) in an aggregate or summary form that does not directly or indirectly disclose the identity of any person that submits such information. (c) Savings clause (1) Nothing in this section shall be construed to adversely affect the authority of Congress, including a Committee or Member thereof, to obtain any record or information. (2) The absence of a provision similar to paragraph (1) in any other provision of law shall not be construed to limit the ability of the Senate or the House of Representatives, including a Committee or Member thereof, to obtain any record or information. .