SEC. 1520.  AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND. (a)  Continuation of Prior Authorities and Notice and Reporting Requirements .— Funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2020 shall be subject to the conditions contained in— (1)  subsections (b) through (f) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 ( Public Law 110–181 ;  122 Stat. 428 ); and 
 (2)  section 1521(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ;  130 Stat. 2577 ). 
 
 (b)  Equipment Disposition .— (1)  Acceptance of certain equipment .— Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may accept equipment that is procured using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund by this Act and is intended for transfer to the security forces of the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of the Interior of the Government of Afghanistan, but is not accepted by such security forces. 
 (2)  Determination. Conditions on acceptance of equipment .— Before accepting any equipment under the authority provided by paragraph (1), the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall make a determination that such equipment was procured for the purpose of meeting requirements of the security forces of the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of the Interior of the Government of Afghanistan, as agreed to by both the Government of Afghanistan and the Government of the United States, but is no longer required by such security forces or was damaged before transfer to such security forces. 
 (3)  Elements of determination .— In making a determination under paragraph (2) regarding equipment, the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall consider alternatives to the acceptance of such equipment by the Secretary.  133 STAT. 1715 
An explanation of each determination, including the basis for the determination and the alternatives considered, shall be included in the relevant quarterly report required under paragraph (5). 
 (4)  Notification. Treatment as department of defense stocks .— Equipment accepted under the authority provided by paragraph (1) may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon notification to the congressional defense committees of such treatment. 
 (5)  Quarterly reports on equipment disposition .— (A)  Time period. In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 90-day period thereafter during which the authority provided by paragraph (1) is exercised, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the equipment accepted during the period covered by such report under the following: (i)  This subsection. 
 (ii)  Section 1521(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ;  130 Stat. 2575 ). 
 (iii)  Section 1531(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ;  129 Stat. 1088 ). 
 (iv)  Section 1532(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. “Buck” McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ;  128 Stat. 3613 ). 
 (v)  Section 1531(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 ( Public Law 113–66 ;  127 Stat. 938 ;  10 U.S.C. 2302 note ). 
 
 (B)  List. Records. Elements .— Each report under subparagraph (A) shall include a list of all equipment that was accepted during the period covered by such report and treated as stocks of the Department of Defense and copies of the determinations made under paragraph (2), as required by paragraph (3). 
 
 
 (c)  Security of Afghan Women .— (1)  In general .— Of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2020, it is the goal that $45,500,000, but in no event less than $10,000,000, shall be used for— (A)  the recruitment, integration, retention, training, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces; and 
 (B)  the recruitment, training, and contracting of female security personnel for future elections. 
 
 (2)  Types of programs and activities .— Such programs and activities may include— (A)  efforts to recruit and retain women into the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including the special operations forces; 
 (B)  programs and activities of the Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration of the Ministry of Defense of Afghanistan and the Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights of the Ministry of Interior of Afghanistan; 133 STAT. 1716 
 (C)  development and dissemination of gender and human rights educational and training materials and programs within the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Interior of Afghanistan; 
 (D)  efforts to address harassment and violence against women within the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces; 
 (E)  improvements to infrastructure that address the requirements of women serving in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including appropriate equipment for female security and police forces, and transportation for policewomen to their station; 
 (F)  support for Afghanistan National Police Family Response Units; 
 (G)  security provisions for high-profile female police and military officers; 
 (H)  programs to promote conflict prevention, management, and resolution through the meaningful participation of Afghan women in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, by exposing Afghan women and girls to the activities of and careers available with such forces, encouraging their interest in such careers, or developing their interest and skills necessary for service in such forces; and 
 (I)  enhancements to Afghan National Defense and Security Forces recruitment programs for targeted advertising with the goal of increasing the number of female recruits. 
 
 
 (d)  Assessment of Afghanistan Progress on Objectives .— (1)  Deadline. Consultation. Assessment required .— Not later than June 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate an assessment describing— (A)  the progress of the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan toward meeting shared security objectives; and 
 (B)  the efforts of the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan to manage, employ, and sustain the equipment and inventory provided under subsection (a). 
 
 (2)  Matters to be included .— In conducting the assessment required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall include each of the following: (A)  The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has a strategy for, and has taken steps toward, increased accountability and the reduction of corruption within the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Interior of Afghanistan. 
 (B)  The extent to which the capability and capacity of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces have improved as a result of Afghanistan Security Forces Fund investment, including through training, and an articulation of the metrics used to assess such improvements. 133 STAT. 1717 
 (C)  The extent to which the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces have been able to increase pressure on the Taliban, al-Qaeda, the Haqqani network, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria-Khorasan, and other terrorist organizations, including by re-taking territory, defending territory, and disrupting attacks. 
 (D)  The distribution practices of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces and whether the Government of Afghanistan is ensuring that supplies, equipment, and weaponry supplied by the United States are appropriately distributed to, and employed by, security forces charged with fighting the Taliban and other terrorist organizations. 
 (E)  A description of— (i)  the policy governing the use of Acquisition and Cross Servicing Agreements (ACSA) in Afghanistan; 
 (ii)  each ACSA transaction by type, amount, and recipient for the period beginning on October 1, 2018, and ending December 31, 2019; and 
 (iii)  for any transactions from the United States to Afghan military forces, an explanation for why such transaction was not carried out under the authorities of the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. 
 
 (F)  The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has designated the appropriate staff, prioritized the development of relevant processes, and provided or requested the allocation of resources necessary to support a peace and reconciliation process in Afghanistan. 
 (G)  A description of the ability of the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Interior of Afghanistan to manage and account for previously divested equipment, including a description of any vulnerabilities or weaknesses of the internal controls of such Ministry of Defense and Ministry of Interior and any plan in place to address shortfalls. 
 (H)  Time period. A description of any significant irregularities in the divestment of equipment to the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces during the period beginning on May 1, 2019, and ending on May 1, 2020, including any major losses of such equipment or any inability on the part of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces to account for equipment so procured. 
 (I)  A description of the sustainment and maintenance costs required during the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, for major weapons platforms previously divested, and a description of the plan for the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces to maintain such platforms in the future. 
 (J)  The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan is adhering to conditions for receiving assistance established in annual financial commitment letters or any other bilateral agreements with the United States. 
 (K)  The extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has made progress in achieving security sector benchmarks as outlined by the United States-Afghan Compact (commonly known as the “Kabul Compact”) and a description of any other documents, plans, or agreements used by the United States to measure security sector progress. 133 STAT. 1718 
 (L)  Such other factors as the Secretaries consider appropriate. 
 
 (3)  Form .— The assessment required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (4)  Determinations. Coordination. Certifications. Deadlines. Withholding of assistance for insufficient progress .— (A)  In general .— If the Secretary of Defense determines, in coordination with the Secretary of State and pursuant to the assessment under paragraph (1), that the Government of Afghanistan has made insufficient progress in the areas described in paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense shall— (i)  withhold $480,000,000, to be derived from amounts made available for assistance for the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, from expenditure or obligation until the date on which the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Afghanistan has made sufficient progress; and 
 (ii)  Notification. notify the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days before withholding such funds. 
 
 (B)  Waiver .— If the Secretary of Defense determines that withholding such assistance would impede the national security objectives of the United States by prohibiting, restricting, delaying, or otherwise limiting the provision of assistance, the Secretary may waive the withholding requirement under subparagraph (A) if the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of State, certifies such determination to the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days before the effective date of the waiver. 
 
 
 (e)  Additional Reporting Requirements .— The Secretary of Defense shall include in the materials submitted in support of the budget for fiscal year 2021 that is submitted by the President under  section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code , each of the following: (1)  The amount of funding provided in fiscal year 2019 through the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund to the Government of Afghanistan in the form of direct government-to-government assistance or on-budget assistance for the purposes of supporting any entity of such government, including the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, the Afghan Ministry of Interior, or the Afghan Ministry of Defense. 
 (2)  The amount of funding provided and anticipated to be provided, as of the date of the submission of the materials, in fiscal year 2020 through such Fund in such form. 
 (3)  To the extent the amount described in paragraph (2) exceeds the amount described in paragraph (1), an explanation as to the reason why the such amount is greater and the specific entities and purposes that were supported by such increase.