SEC. 1222.  EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO VETTED SYRIAN GROUPS AND INDIVIDUALS. (a)  Extension and Modification .— Section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. “Buck” McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ; 128 128 Stat. 3541 .  Stat. 3559)  is amended  as follows: (1)  In subsection (a)— (A)  in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by  striking  “ with a cost ” and all that follows through “ through December 31, 2019 ” and  inserting  “ and sustainment to appropriately vetted Syrian groups and individuals through December 31, 2020 ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  paragraphs (1) through (3) and  inserting  the following: “(1)  Defending the Syrian people from attacks by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. 
 “(2)  Securing territory formerly controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. 
 “(3)  Protecting the United States and its partners and allies from the threats posed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, al Qaeda, and associated forces in Syria. 
 “(4)  Providing appropriate support to vetted Syrian groups and individuals to conduct temporary and humane detention and repatriation of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria foreign terrorist fighters in accordance with all laws and obligations related to the conduct of such operations, including, as applicable— “(A)  the law of armed conflict; 
 “(B)  internationally recognized human rights; 
 “(C)  the principle of non-refoulement; 
 “(D)  the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984); and 
 “(E)  the United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees, done at Geneva July 28, 1951 (as made applicable by the Protocol Relating to the Status of Refugees, done at New York January 31, 1967 (19 UST 6223)).” 
 
 . 
 
 (2)  By  amending  subsection (b) to read as follows: “(b)  Notice Before Provision of Assistance .— “(1)  In general .— In accordance with the requirements under paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the use of the relevant authority to provide assistance and include the following: 133 STAT. 1639 
 “(A)  The requirements and process used to determine appropriately vetted recipients. 
 “(B)  Procedures. The mechanisms and procedures that will be used to monitor and report to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership of the House of Representatives and Senate on unauthorized end-use of provided training and equipment or other violations of relevant law by appropriately vetted recipients. 
 “(C)  The amount, type, and purpose of assistance to be funded and the recipient of the assistance. 
 “(D)  The goals and objectives of the assistance. 
 “(E)  The number and role of United States Armed Forces personnel involved. 
 “(F)  Any other relevant details. 
 
 “(2)  Deadlines. Timing of required notice .— A notice described in paragraph (1) shall be required— “(A)  not later than 15 days before the expenditure of each 10-percent increment of the amount made available in fiscal year 2019 or fiscal year 2020 to carry out the authorization in this section; or 
 “(B)  Determination. not later than 48 hours after such an expenditure, if the Secretary determines that extraordinary circumstances that affect the national security of the United States exist.” 
 
 
 . 
 (3)  By  amending  subsection (c) to read as follows: “(c)  Notifications. Form .— The notifications required under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex.” 
 . 
 (4)  By  amending  subsection (d) to read as follows: “(d)  Quarterly Progress Reports .— “(1)  Effective date. Time period. Coordination. In general .— Beginning on January 15, 2020, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership of the House of Representatives and the Senate a progress report. 
 “(2)  Matters to be included .— Each progress report under paragraph (1) shall include, based on the most recent quarterly information, the following: “(A)  A description of the appropriately vetted recipients receiving assistance under subsection (a), including a description of their geographical locations, demographic profiles, political affiliations, and current capabilities. 
 “(B)  A description of training, equipment, supplies, stipends, and other support provided to appropriately vetted recipients under subsection (a) and a statement of the amount of funds expended for such purposes during the period covered by the report. 
 “(C)  Any misuse or loss of provided training and equipment and how such misuse or loss is being mitigated. 
 “(D)  Assessment. An assessment of the recruitment, throughput, and retention rates of appropriately vetted recipients. 
 “(E)  Assessment. An assessment of the operational effectiveness of appropriately vetted recipients in meeting the purposes specified in subsection (a). 
 “(F)  A description of the current and planned posture of United States forces and the planned level of engagement by such forces with appropriately vetted recipients,  133 STAT. 1640 
including the oversight of equipment provided under this section and the activities conducted by such appropriately vetted recipients. 
 “(G)  A detailed explanation of the relationship between appropriately vetted recipients and civilian governance authorities, including a description of efforts to ensure appropriately vetted recipients are subject to the control of competent civilian authorities. 
 “(H)  A description of United States Government stabilization objectives and activities carried out in areas formerly controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, including significant projects and funding associated with such projects. 
 “(I)  A description of coalition contributions to the purposes specified in subsection (a) and other related stabilization activities. 
 “(J)  Estimates. With respect to Islamic State of Iraq and Syria foreign terrorist fighters— “(i)  an estimate of the number of such individuals being detained by appropriately vetted Syrian groups and individuals; 
 “(ii)  an estimate of the number of such individuals that have been repatriated and the countries to which such individuals have been repatriated; and 
 “(iii)  a description of United States Government support provided to facilitate the repatriation of such individuals. “(I)  Assessment. An assessment of the extent to which appropriately vetted Syrian groups and individuals have enabled progress toward establishing inclusive, representative, accountable, and civilian-led governance and security structures in territories liberated from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria.” 
 
 
 
 
 . 
 (5)  In subsection (e)(1)(A), by  striking  “ include, ” and all that follows through “ (ISIL) ” and  inserting  “ include the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria ”. 
 (6)  By  striking  subsection (f) and  inserting  the following: “(f)  Restriction on Scope of Assistance in the Form of Weapons .— “(1)  In general .— The Secretary may only provide assistance in the form of weapons pursuant to the authority under subsection (a) if such weapons are small arms or light weapons. 
 “(2)  Certification. Waiver .— The Secretary may waive the restriction under paragraph (1) upon certification to the appropriate congressional committees that such provision of law would (but for the waiver) impede national security objectives of the United States by prohibiting, restricting, delaying, or otherwise limiting the provision of assistance.” 
 
 . 
 (5)  In subsection (g)— (A)  Time period. Effective date. Notification. by  inserting  “ , at the end of the 15-day period beginning on the date the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees of the amount, source, and intended purpose of such contributions ” after “ as authorized by this section ”; and 133 STAT. 1641 
 (B)  by  striking  “ operation and maintenance accounts ” and all that follows through the end of the subsection and  inserting  “ accounts. ”. 
 
 (6)  By  amending  subsection (l) to read as follows: “(l)  Limitation on Cost of Construction and Repair Projects .— “(1)  In general .— The cost of construction and repair projects carried out under this section may not exceed, in any fiscal year— “(A)  $4,000,000 per project; or 
 “(B)  $20,000,000 in the aggregate. 
 
 “(2)  Foreign contributions .— The limitation under paragraph (1) shall not apply to the expenditure of foreign contributions in excess of the per-project or aggregate limitation set forth in that paragraph.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  Availability of Authority .— Not more than 10 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for activities under the authority provided by section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. “Buck” McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ; 128 Stat. 3541 .   128 Stat. 3559 ), as amended by subsection (a) of this section, may be obligated or expended until the first quarterly report required to be submitted pursuant to subsection (d) of such section 1209 (as so amended) has been submitted to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership in accordance with such subsection.