SEC. 1260K.  REPORT ON THE LAY-DOWN OF UNITED STATES MARINES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. (a)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the implementation of the planned distributed lay-down of members of the United States Marine Corps in Okinawa, Guam, Hawaii, Australia, and other locations. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  A description of the relationship between the planned distributed lay-down in the Indo-Pacific region and the implementation of the National Defense Strategy with respect to such region. 
 (2)  Assessment. An assessment of the impact of the planned distributed lay-down on the ability of the Armed Forces to respond to current and future contingencies in the area of responsibility of United States Indo-Pacific Command that reflects contingency plans of the Department of Defense. 
 (3)  A description of— (A)  the implementation timeline for the planned distributed lay-down; and 
 (B)  progress made on the planned distributed lay-down, as compared with such timeline. 
 
 (4)  A description of the adequacy of current and expected training resources at each location associated with the planned distributed lay-down, including— (A)  the ability to train against the full spectrum of threats from near-peer or peer threats; and 133 STAT. 1689 
 (B)  any projected limitation due to political, environmental, or other limiting factors. 
 
 (5)  A description of sustainment concepts to support the planned distributed lay-down, including an assessment of the manner in which the planned distributed lay-down will impact logistics and sustainment requirements in support of contingency plans of the Department of Defense. 
 (6)  An updated and detailed description of any military construction projects required to execute the distributed lay-down. 
 (7)  A description of any recommended revision to the current implementation plan, including any recommended new investment associated with any such revision relating to basing, access, and prepositioning in the Indo-Pacific region.