SEC. 1708.  REPORT AND BRIEFING ON IMPLEMENTATION OF NATIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY. (a)  Assessment. Report and Briefing .— In addition to the assessment required under  section 113(g)(1)(F) of title 10, United States Code , by not later than April 30, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report, and provide an accompanying briefing, on the implementation of the national defense strategy required under  section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code . Such report and briefing shall include each of the following: (1)  Evaluations. An explanation of the joint operational concepts to deter and, if necessary, to defeat strategic competitors, including— (A)  an evaluation of the risks associated with the employment of such joint operational concepts; 
 (B)  the ways of adapting innovative joint operational concepts to strategically significant scenarios; 
 (C)  the ways that such joint operational concepts address operational challenges to achieve advantages against strategic competitors in the nuclear, space, and cyber domains; and 
 (D)  the employment of the force in peacetime to dissuade strategic competitors from conducting malign activities below the threshold of open warfare, including an  133 STAT. 1800 
evaluation of the use of Dynamic Force Employment and the Global Operating Model. 
 
 (2)  The force posture changes and the United States defense investments required to implement the national defense strategy. 
 (3)  Adjustments to research and development projects and programs of record, including any additions, deletions, or modifications intended to align force management, including Joint Force development and design, required to implement the national defense strategy. 
 (4)  Assessment. An assessment of the personnel and organizational changes required to implement the national defense strategy. 
 (5)  The resources and defense investments necessary to support the operational concepts and their implementation. 
 
 (b)  Independent Studies .— (1)  Studies required .— (A)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide for the performance of two independent studies on the development of joint operational concepts within the Department of Defense in accordance with this subsection. 
 (B)  Deadline. Submittal to congress .— Not later than October 1, 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the results of each study required under subparagraph (A). 
 (C)  Form .— Each study required under subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (2)  Entities to perform studies .— The Secretary shall provide for the studies under paragraph (1) to be performed as follows: (A)  One study shall be performed by a federally funded research and development center. 
 (B)  One study shall be performed by an independent, non-governmental institute, which is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and which is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code, and which has recognized credentials and expertise in national security and military affairs. 
 
 (3)  Performance of studies .— (A)  Independent performance .— The Secretary shall require the studies required under this subsection to be conducted independently of one another. 
 (B)  Matters to be considered .— In performing a study under this subsection, the organization performing the study shall consider the following matters: (i)  Assessment. An assessment of the Department of Defense Capstone Concept of Joint Operations process to define, develop, and improve joint operational concepts. 
 (ii)  Evaluation. An evaluation of how the Department is validating new joint operational concepts through experimentation and military exercises. 
 (iii)  Evaluation. The effectiveness of joint operational concepts to accomplish the objective of deterring and defeating strategic competitors, including an evaluation of the risks associated with each joint operational concept. 133 STAT. 1801 
 (iv)  The ability of joint operational concepts to promote or to effectuate strategic objectives, defense policies, and budgetary priorities. 
 (v)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations to alter or improve joint operational concepts. 
 (vi)  Such other matters as the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate.