SEC. 1748.  SPECIAL FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATION WORKING GROUP. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Transportation, and the Secretary of State, shall jointly establish a Special Federal Aviation Regulation (in this section referred to as the “SFAR”) interagency working group to review the current options for the Department of Defense to use contracted United States civil aviation to provide support for Department of Defense missions in areas where a Federal Aviation Administration SFAR is in effect. 
 (b)  Duties .— The working group shall— (1)  Analysis. analyze all options currently available for the Department of Defense to use contracted United States civil aviation to provide support for Department of Defense missions in areas where a Federal Aviation Administration SFAR is in effect; 
 (2)  Review. review existing processes of the Department of Defense, the Federal Aviation Administration, and the Department of  133 STAT. 1848 
State, with respect to the Department of Defense’s use of contracted United States civil aviation in areas where a Federal Aviation Administration SFAR is in effect; 
 (3)  identify any issues, inefficiencies, or concerns with the existing options and processes, including safety of flight, legal considerations, mission delivery, and security considerations; and 
 (4)  Recommenda- tions. develop recommendations, if any, to improve existing processes or expand the options available for the Department of Defense to use contracted United States civil aviation to provide support to Department of Defense missions in areas where a Federal Aviation Administration SFAR is in effect. 
 
 (c)  Members .— (1)  Appointment .— The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Transportation, and the Secretary of State shall each appoint not more than 5 members to the working group with expertise in civil aviation safety, state aircraft operations, the provision of contracted aviation support to the Department of Defense, and the coordination of such efforts between the Department of Defense, the Department of State, and the Federal Aviation Administration. The 5 members appointed by the Secretary of Transportation shall include at least 3 members from the Federal Aviation Administration. 
 (2)  Qualifications .— All working group members shall be full-time employees of the Federal Government with appropriate security clearances to allow discussion of all classified information and materials necessary to fulfill the working group’s duties pursuant to subsection (b). 
 
 (d)  Report .— Not later than 1 year after the date it is established, the working group shall submit a report on its findings and any recommendations developed pursuant to subsection (b) to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
 (e)  Termination .— The working group shall terminate 90 days after the date the report is submitted under subsection (d). 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section the following definitions apply: (1)  The term “ United States civil aviation ” means— (A)  United States air carriers and United States commercial operators; 
 (B)  persons exercising the privileges of an airman certificate issued by the FAA, except such persons operating United States-registered aircraft for a foreign air carrier; and 
 (C)  operators of civil aircraft registered in the United States, except where the operator of such aircraft is a foreign air carrier. 
 
 (2)  The term “ Federal Aviation Administration SFAR ” means the Special Federal Aviation Regulation included under  subpart M of part 91 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations .