SEC. 1238.  REPORT ON MILITARY ACTIVITIES OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION AND THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA IN THE ARCTIC REGION. (a)  Consultation. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the following: (1)  A report on any military activities of the Russian Federation in the Arctic region. 
 (2)  A report on any military activities of the People’s Republic of China in the Arctic region. 
 
 (b)  Matters to Be Included .— The reports under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the Russian Federation or the People’s Republic of China, as applicable, the following: (1)  A description of military activities of such country in the Arctic region, including— (A)  the emplacement of military infrastructure, equipment, or forces; 
 (B)  any exercises or other military activities; and 
 (C)  activities that are non-military in nature, but are considered to have military or other strategic implications. 
 
 (2)  Assessment. An assessment of— (A)  the intentions of such activities; 
 (B)  the extent to which such activities affect or threaten the interests of the United States and allies in the Arctic region; and 
 (C)  any response to such activities by the United States or allies. 
 
 (3)  A description of future plans and requirements with respect to such activities. 
 
 (c)  Form .— Each report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in classified form, but may include an unclassified executive summary. 
 (d)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 133 STAT. 1655