SEC. 132.  LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS PENDING QUARTERLY UPDATES ON THE CH–53K KING STALLION HELICOPTER PROGRAM. (a)  Time period. Limitation .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2020 for aircraft procurement, Navy, for the CH–53K King Stallion helicopter program, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of the Navy provides the first briefing required under subsection (b). 
 (b)  Quarterly Briefings Required .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Beginning not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and on a quarterly basis thereafter through the end of fiscal year 2022, the Secretary of the Navy shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the progress of the CH–53K King Stallion helicopter program. 
 (2)  Elements .— Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the CH–53K King Stallion helicopter program, the following: (A)  An overview of the program schedule. 
 (B)  A statement of the total cost of the program as of the date of the briefing, including the costs of development, testing, and production. 
 (C)  A comparison of the total cost of the program relative to the approved acquisition program baseline. 
 (D)  Assessment. An assessment of flight testing under the program, including identification of the number of test events that have been conducted on-time in accordance with the joint integrated program schedule. 
 (E)  Update. An update on the correction of technical deficiencies under the program, including— (i)  identification of the technical deficiencies that have been corrected as of the date of the briefing; 
 (ii)  identification of the technical deficiencies that have been discovered, but not corrected, as of such date; 
 (iii)  Estimate. an estimate of the total cost of correcting technical deficiencies under the program; and 
 (iv)  an explanation of any significant deviations from the testing and program schedule that are anticipated due to the discovery and correction of technical deficiencies. 133 STAT. 1239