SEC. 1751.  10 USC 2164 note . SUPPORT FOR WORLD LANGUAGE ADVANCEMENT AND READINESS. (a)  Program Authority .— (1)  Consultation. In general .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Education, may carry out a program under which the Secretary may provide support to eligible entities for the establishment, improvement, or expansion of world language study for elementary school and secondary school students. 
 (2)  Special requirements for local educational agencies .— In providing support under paragraph (1) to an eligible entity that is a local educational agency, the Secretary of Defense shall support programs that— (A)  show the promise of being continued after such support is no longer available; 
 (B)  demonstrate approaches that can be disseminated to and duplicated in other local educational agencies; and 
 (C)  may include a professional development component. 
 
 (3)  Applications .— (A)  In general .— To be considered for support under paragraph (1), an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary of Defense at such time, in such manner, and containing such information and assurances as the Secretary may require. 
 (B)  Special consideration .— The Secretary of Defense shall give special consideration to applications describing programs that— (i)  include intensive summer world language programs for professional development of world language teachers; 
 (ii)  link nonnative English speakers in the community with the schools in order to promote two-way language learning; 
 (iii)  promote the sequential study of a world language for students, beginning in elementary schools; 133 STAT. 1850 
 (iv)  make effective use of technology, such as computer-assisted instruction, language laboratories, or distance learning, to promote world language study; 
 (v)  promote innovative activities, such as dual language immersion, partial world language immersion, or content-based instruction; and 
 (vi)  are carried out through a consortium comprised of the eligible entity receiving the grant, an elementary school or secondary school, and an institution of higher education (as that term is defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 )). 
 
 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Eligible entity .— The term “ eligible entity ” means the following: (A)  A local educational agency that hosts a unit of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
 (B)  A school operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity. 
 
 (2)  Esea terms .— The terms “elementary school”, “local educational agency” and “secondary school” have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 ). 
 (3)  World language .— The term “ world language ” means— (A)  any natural language other than English, including— (i)  languages determined by the Secretary of Defense to be critical to the national security interests of the United States; 
 (ii)  classical languages; 
 (iii)  American sign language; and 
 (iv)  Native American languages; and 
 
 (B)  any language described in subparagraph (A) that is taught in combination with English as part of a dual language or immersion learning program.