SEC. 1655.  STUDY ON FUTURE CYBER WARFIGHTING CAPABILITIES OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. (a)  Deadline. Study Required .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall direct the Defense Science Board to carry out a study on the future cyber warfighting capabilities of the Department of Defense. 
 (b)  Participation .— Participants in the study shall include the following: (1)  Such members of the Board, including members of the Task Force on Cyber Deterrence of the Board, as the Chairman of the Board considers appropriate for the study. 
 (2)  Such additional temporary members or contracted support as the Secretary— (A)  selects from those recommended by the Chairman for purposes of the study; and 133 STAT. 1765 
 (B)  considers to have significant technical, policy, or military expertise. 
 
 
 (c)  Evaluations. Elements .— The study conducted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  A technical evaluation of the Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture of the Department, especially the Unified Platform, Joint Cyber Command and Control, and Persistent Cyber Training Environment, including with respect to the following: (A)  The suitability of the requirements and, as relevant, the delivered capability of such architecture to modern cyber warfighting. 
 (B)  Such requirements or capabilities as may be absent or underemphasized in such architecture. 
 (C)  The speed of development and acquisition as compared to mission need. 
 (D)  Identification of potential duplication of efforts among the programs and concepts evaluated. 
 (E)  The coherence of such architecture with the National Mission Teams and Combat Mission Teams of the Cyber Mission Force, as constituted and organized on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (F)  The coherence of such architecture with the Cyber Protection Teams of the Cyber Mission Force and the cybersecurity service providers of the Department, as constituted and organized on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (G)  The coherence of such architecture with the concepts of persistent engagement and defending forward as incorporated in the 2018 Department of Defense Cyber Strategy, including with respect to operational concepts such as consistent spy-on-spy engagement, securing adversary operating pictures, and preemptively feeding indicators and warning to defensive operators. 
 
 (2)  A technical evaluation of the tool development and acquisition programs of the Department, including with respect to the following: (A)  The suitability of planned tool suite and cyber armory constructs of the United States Cyber Command to modern cyber warfighting. 
 (B)  The speed of development and acquisition as compared to mission need. 
 (C)  The resourcing and effectiveness of the internal tool development of the United States Cyber Command as compared to the tool development of the National Security Agency. 
 (D)  The resourcing and effectiveness of the internal tool development of the United States Cyber Command as compared to its acquisition. 
 (E)  The coherence of such programs with the concepts of persistent engagement and defending forward as incorporated in the 2018 Department of Defense Cyber Strategy, including with respect to operational concepts such as consistent spy-on-spy engagement, securing adversary operating pictures, and preemptively feeding indicators and warning to defensive operators. 
 
 (3)  An evaluation of the operational planning and targeting of the United States Cyber Command, including support for  133 STAT. 1766 
regional combatant commands, and suitability for modern cyber warfighting. 
 (4)  Recommenda- tions. Development of such recommendations as the Board may have for legislative or administrative action relating to the future cyber warfighting capabilities of the Department. 
 
 (d)  Analysis. Access to Information .— The Secretary shall provide the Board with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analysis so that the Board may conduct a thorough and independent analysis as required under this section. 
 (e)  Report .— (1)  Transmittal to secretary .— Not later than November 1, 2021, the Board shall transmit to the Secretary a final report on the study conducted pursuant to subsection (a). 
 (2)  Transmittal to congress .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the final report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees such report and such comments as the Secretary considers appropriate.