SEC. 1642.  Deadlines. 10 USC 394 note . NOTIFICATION OF DELEGATION OF AUTHORITIES TO THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR MILITARY OPERATIONS IN CYBERSPACE. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide written notification to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate of the following: (1)  Authorities delegated to the Secretary by the President for military operations in cyberspace that are otherwise held by the National Command Authority, not later than 15 days after any such delegation. A notification under this paragraph shall include a description of the authorities delegated to the Secretary. 
 (2)  Concepts of operations approved by the Secretary pursuant to delegated authorities described in paragraph (1), not later than 15 days after any such approval. A notification under this paragraph shall include the following: (A)  A description of authorized activities to be conducted or planned to be conducted pursuant to such authorities. 
 (B)  The defined military objectives relating to such authorities. 
 (C)  List. A list of countries in which such authorities may be exercised. 133 STAT. 1752 
 (D)  A description of relevant orders issued by the Secretary in accordance with such authorities. 
 
 
 (b)  Procedures .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish and submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate procedures for complying with the requirements of subsection (a), consistent with the national security of the United States and the protection of operational integrity. Notification.  The Secretary shall promptly notify such committees in writing of any changes to such procedures at least 14 days prior to the adoption of any such changes. 
 (2)  Sufficiency .— The Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate shall ensure that committee procedures designed to protect from unauthorized disclosure classified information relating to national security of the United States are sufficient to protect the information that is submitted to such committees pursuant to this section. 
 (3)  Notification in event of unauthorized disclosure .— In the event of an unauthorized disclosure of authorities covered by this section, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate are notified immediately. Notification under this paragraph may be verbal or written, but in the event of a verbal notification, a written notification signed by the Secretary shall be provided by not later than 48 hours after the provision of such verbal notification.