SEC. 1250A.  22 USC 2373 note . REPEAL OF PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF ARTICLES ON THE UNITED STATES MUNITIONS LIST TO THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  allowing for the export, re-export or transfer of arms subject to the United States Munitions List ( part 121 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations ) to the Republic of Cyprus would advance United States security interests in Europe by helping to reduce the dependence of the Government of the Republic of Cyprus on other countries, including countries that pose challenges to United States interests around the world, for defense-related materiel; and 
 (2)  it is in the interest of the United States to continue to support United Nations-facilitated efforts toward a comprehensive solution to the division of Cyprus. 
 
 (b)  Modification of Prohibition .— Section 620C(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2373(e) )  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ Any agreement ” and  inserting  “ Except as provided in paragraph (3), any agreement ”; and 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(3)  The requirement under paragraph (1) shall not apply to any sale or other provision of any defense article or defense service to Cyprus if the end-user of such defense article or defense service is the Government of the Republic of Cyprus.” 
 . 
 
 (c)  Exclusion of the Government of the Republic of Cyprus From Certain Related Regulations .— (1)  In general .— Subject to subsection (d) and except as provided in paragraph (2), beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall not apply a policy of denial for exports, re-exports, or transfers of defense articles and defense services destined for or originating in the Republic of Cyprus if— (A)  the request is made by or on behalf of the Government of the Republic of Cyprus; and 133 STAT. 1666 
 (B)  the end-user of such defense articles or defense services is the Government of the Republic of Cyprus. 
 
 (2)  Exception .— This exclusion shall not apply to any denial based upon credible human rights concerns. 
 
 (d)  Limitations on the Transfer of Articles on the United States Munitions List to the Republic of Cyprus .— (1)  In general .— The policy of denial for exports, re-exports, or transfers of defense articles on the United States Munitions List to the Republic of Cyprus shall remain in place unless the President determines and certifies to the appropriate congressional committees not less than annually that— (A)  the Government of the Republic of Cyprus is continuing to cooperate with the United States Government in efforts to implement reforms on anti-money laundering regulations and financial regulatory oversight; and 
 (B)  the Government of the Republic of Cyprus has made and is continuing to take the steps necessary to deny Russian military vessels access to ports for refueling and servicing. 
 
 (2)  President. Waiver .— The President may waive the limitations contained in this subsection for one fiscal year if the President determines that it is essential to the national security interests of the United States to do so. 
 (3)  Appropriate congressional committees defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives.