SEC. 1051.  SCHEDULING OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXECUTIVE AIRCRAFT CONTROLLED BY SECRETARIES OF MILITARY DEPARTMENTS. (a)  In General .— Chapter 2 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section: 133 STAT. 1590 
 “§ 120. 10 USC 120 .  Department of Defense executive aircraft controlled by Secretaries of military departments “(a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the Chief of the Air Force Special Air Mission Office is given the responsibility for coordination of scheduling all Department of Defense executive aircraft controlled by the Secretaries of the military departments in order to support required use travelers. 
 “(b)  Deadline. Memorandums. Responsibilities .— (1)  Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of each of the military departments shall execute a memorandum of understanding with the Air Force Special Air Mission Office regarding oversight and management of executive aircraft controlled by that military department. 
 “(2)  The Secretary of Defense shall be responsible for prioritizing travel when requests exceed available executive airlift capability. 
 “(3)  The Secretary of a military department shall maintain overall authority for scheduling the required use travelers of that military department on executive aircraft controlled by the Secretary. When an executive aircraft controlled by the Secretary of a military department is not supporting required use travelers of that military department, the Secretary of the military department shall make such executive aircraft available for scheduling of other required use travelers. 
 
 “(c)  Limitations .— (1)  The Secretary of Defense may not establish a new command and control organization to support aircraft. 
 “(2)  No executive aircraft controlled by the Secretary of a military department may be permanently stationed at any location without a required use traveler without the approval of the Secretary of Defense. 
 
 “(d)  Definitions .— In this section: “(1)  The term ‘ required use traveler ’ has the meaning given such term in Department of Defense directive 4500.56, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section. 
 “(2)  The term ‘ executive aircraft ’ has the meaning given such term in Department of Defense directive 4500.43, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter 10 USC 111  prec.   is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new item: 
 
 “120.  
 Department of Defense executive aircraft controlled by Secretaries of military departments.”.