SEC. 1237.  REPORTS RELATING TO THE NEW START TREATY. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that legally binding, verifiable limits on Russian strategic nuclear forces are in the national security interest of the United States. 
 (b)  Prior Notification for Withdrawal .— Not later than 120 days before the provision to Russia, pursuant to Article XIV of the New Start Treaty, of notice of intent to withdraw the United States from the Treaty, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a notification that includes a description of the extraordinary events jeopardizing the United States’ supreme interests accompanying such notice of intent to withdraw in accordance with the requirements of such Article XIV. 
 (c)  Assessments From Director of National Intelligence .— (1)  Relating to expiration of new start treaty .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the implications of the expiration of the New START Treaty without the United States and Russia having entered into a new arms control agreement. The assessment shall include the following elements: 133 STAT. 1652 (A)  An assessment of possible changes to the Russian nuclear force structure through 2026, if the Treaty expires in 2021 without replacement, including Russia’s ability and intent to deploy strategic nuclear warheads and delivery vehicles above the central limits of the Treaty and with respect to possible future strategic nuclear weapons research and development programs. 
 (B)  An assessment of the verification and transparency benefits of the Treaty and a description of the Treaty’s impact on the United States’ understanding of Russia’s nuclear forces. 
 (C)  An assessment of what actions would be necessary for the United States to remediate the loss of the Treaty’s verification and transparency benefits if the Treaty is not extended and a new arms control agreement is not concluded, and an estimate of the remedial resources required to ensure no concomitant loss of understanding of Russia’s nuclear forces as practicable. 
 
 (2)  Relating to russia’s willingness to engage in nuclear arms control negotiations .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of Russia’s willingness to engage in nuclear arms control negotiations and Russia’s priorities in these negotiations. The assessment shall include the following elements: (A)  An assessment of Russia’s willingness to extend the New START Treaty and its likely negotiating position to discuss such an extension with the United States. 
 (B)  An assessment of Russia’s interest in negotiating a broader arms control agreement that would include nuclear weapons systems not accountable under the New START Treaty, including non-strategic nuclear weapons. 
 (C)  An assessment of what concessions Russia would likely seek from the United States during such negotiations, including what additional United States’ military capabilities Russia would seek to limit, in any broader arms control negotiation. 
 (D)  Any other matter the Director determines to be relevant. 
 
 
 (d)  Reports and Briefing From Secretary of State .— (1)  Consultation. Relating to nato, nato member countries, and other united states allies .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit a report and provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (A)  Assessment. an assessment of the likely reactions of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), NATO member countries, and other United States allies and partners to the expiration of the New START Treaty without the entry into force of a new nuclear arms control agreement between the United States and Russia; and 
 (B)  a description of the consultations undertaken with allies relating to the Treaty. 
 
 (2)  Consultation. Relating to ongoing implementation of the new start treaty .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the  133 STAT. 1653 
enactment of this Act, and again not later than September 1, 2020, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees with an assessment of the following elements: (A)  Whether the Russian Federation remains in compliance with its obligations under the New START Treaty. 
 (B)  Whether continuing implementation of the New START Treaty remains in the national security interest of the United States. 
 
 (3)  Consultation. Relating to other matters .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the New START Treaty is extended beyond February 2021 or expires, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees that includes the following elements: (A)  A description of any discussions with Russia on the Treaty or a multilateral arms control treaty with Russia and other countries on the reduction and limitation of strategic offensive arms, and discussions addressing the disparity between the non-strategic nuclear weapons stockpiles of Russia and of the United States, at the Assistant Secretary level, Ambassadorial level, or higher. 
 (B)  The dates, locations, discussion topics, and Russian interlocutors involved in those discussions. 
 (C)  An identification of the United States Government departments and agencies involved in the discussions. 
 (D)  The types of systems, both nuclear and nonnuclear, discussed by either side in such discussions as the potential subjects of an agreement. 
 (E)  Whether formal negotiations to extend the Treaty or negotiate a new agreement have occurred. 
 
 
 (e)  Report and Briefing From Secretary of Defense .— (1)  Consultation. Assessment. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees that includes an assessment of the manner and extent to which the United States nuclear force structure could change if the New START Treaty expires in 2021, including current and planned nuclear modernization programs, and associated costs. 
 (2)  Consultation. Plan. Additional report upon expiration .— Not later than April 5, 2021, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall, if the New START Treaty has expired prior to such date, submit a plan describing the manner in which the United States nuclear force structure will change, including current and planned nuclear modernization programs and associated costs. 
 
 (f)  Form .— Each report, plan, or assessment required by this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (g)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— 133 STAT. 1654 (A)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  New start treaty; treaty .— The terms “New START Treaty” and “Treaty” mean the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011.