SEC. 1262.  INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF SUFFICIENCY OF RESOURCES AVAILABLE TO UNITED STATES SOUTHERN COMMAND AND UNITED STATES AFRICA COMMAND. (a)  Contracts. In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a not-for-profit entity or federally funded  133 STAT. 1690 
research and development center independent of the Department of Defense to conduct a review of the sufficiency of resources available to United States Southern Command and United States Africa Command to carry out their respective missions in support of United States national security objectives. 
 (b)  Matters to Be Included .— The review described in subsection (a) shall include— (1)  a review of current and emerging United States national security interests in the United States Southern Command and United States Africa Command areas of responsibilities; 
 (2)  a review of the National Defense Strategy and its implications for United States presence and activities in the United States Southern Command and United States Africa Command areas of responsibilities; 
 (3)  Analysis. a comparative analysis of the National Defense Strategy and the Theater Campaign Plans of United States Southern Command and United States Africa Command, which shall include a description of differences, if any, between the guidance and objectives outlined in the National Defense Strategy and those of the respective Theater Campaign Plans; 
 (4)  a review of the sufficiency of the resources available to United States Southern Command and United States Africa Command, including personnel, human resources, and financial resources as well as other non-Department of Defense resources available to United States Southern Command and United States Africa Command, in promoting United States national security interests; 
 (5)  Assessment. an assessment of the level of regional expertise and experience of the leadership of each such combatant command and their subordinate organizations, service components, and task forces, to include personnel from agencies other than the Department of Defense; 
 (6)  a description of the strategic objectives and end states in the geographic region for which each such combatant command has responsibility and a comparison of the importance and priority of the resources available to each such combatant command to perform its mission; and 
 (7)  Assessment. an assessment of the ability of each such combatant command to carry out their respective missions based on available resources, including non-Department of Defense resources. 
 
 (c)  Access to Information .— The not-for-profit entity or federally funded research and development center with which the Secretary enters into the contract under subsection (a) shall have full and direct access to all information related to resources available to United States Southern Command and United States Africa Command. 
 (d)  Report .— (1)  Assessment. In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall require, as a term of the contract entered into under subsection (a), that not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the not-for-profit entity or federally funded research and development center with which the Secretary of Defense enters into the contract under subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development a report that contains the assessment required by subsection (a). 133 STAT. 1691 
 (2)  Submission to congress .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (A)  Records. a copy of such report without change; and 
 (B)  any comments the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate.