SEC. 1709.  10 USC 113 note . ACTIONS TO INCREASE ANALYTIC SUPPORT. (a)  Plan. Consultation. In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Director of the Joint Staff, and the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, in consultation with the Secretary of each of the military services, to jointly develop and implement a plan to strengthen the analytic capabilities, expertise, and processes necessary to implement the national defense strategy, as required under  section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (b)  Elements .— The plan under subsection (a) shall include— (1)  Assessment. an assessment of the decision support capability of the Department of Defense to support decision-making, specifically the analytic expertise available to inform senior leader decisions that link national defense strategy objectives with approaches to competing effectively across the full spectrum of engagement against strategic competitors; 
 (2)  Assessment. an analytic approach to force structure development, including an assessment of the major elements, products, and milestones of the force planning process of the Department; 
 (3)  Recommenda- tions. the conclusions and recommendations of the Defense Planning and Analysis Community initiative; 
 (4)  the progress of the Department in implementing the recommendations of the Comptroller General of the United States set forth in Government Accountability Office Report (GAO-19-40C); 
 (5)  the progress of the Under Secretary, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation in implementing paragraph (5) of  section 134(b) of title 10, United States Code , as added by section 902(b) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115-232 ); and 
 (6)  such other matters as the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing Required .— Not later than March 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the plan under subsection (a).