SEC. 1687.  Alaska. PLAN FOR THE REDESIGNED KILL VEHICLE REPLACEMENT. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  the decision by the Department of Defense to terminate the redesigned kill vehicle contract on August 22, 2019, due to technological problems encountered during development will result in a delay to the fielding of an additional 20 ground-based interceptors at Fort Greely, Alaska, which had been planned to be emplaced by the end of calendar year 2023; 
 (2)  to ensure that the future next-generation improved homeland defense interceptor program will deliver the required capability, have rigorous technical and acquisition oversight, and maintain schedule milestones, thereby mitigating the risk of similar issues as experienced with the redesigned kill vehicle, the acquisition strategy for such program should be reviewed and jointly approved by both the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, with input by stakeholders across the Department of Defense prior to proceeding with development efforts and awarding a contract; and 
 (3)  the Department, including the Missile Defense Agency, should uphold “fly before you buy” principles in such new acquisition strategy to ensure the overall system and components have been rigorously flight-tested prior to making procurement decisions. 
 
 (b)  Limitation .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2020 for the Missile Defense Agency for the next-generation improved homeland defense interceptor, not more than 50 percent may be obligated  133 STAT. 1787 
or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report under subsection (c). 
 (c)  Report .— The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the next-generation improved homeland defense interceptor program to replace the redesigned kill vehicle. The report shall include the following: (1)  Assessments. Updated threat assessments by the intelligence community informing system threshold and objective requirements. 
 (2)  Requirements. Updated requirements to address current and emerging threats. 
 (3)  Technical, programmatic, and cost analyses conducted on courses of action and alternatives to meet capability requirements, including— (A)  Cost estimate. an independent cost estimate for each course of action considered; and 
 (B)  Evaluation. an evaluation of the technical readiness level of the overall system and the components for each course of action considered. 
 
 (4)  Options considered to address reliability efforts of the current fleet, understanding known deficiencies, and the impact of not addressing such efforts and deficiencies until the delivery of the next-generation improved homeland defense interceptors. 
 (5)  Plan. An obsolescence, refurbishment, and sustainment plan for all ground-based interceptor silos, including any impacts to the construction, delivery, and sustainment of missile field 4 located at Fort Greely, Alaska, taking into account the delay to emplacing additional interceptors. 
 (6)  Possible opportunities as a result of the impacts described in paragraph (4) for improvements to missile fields located at Fort Greely other than missile field 4, including additional infrastructure or components required, and estimated schedules and costs for such opportunities. 
 (7)  Determination. A determination of the appropriate fleet mix of ground-based interceptor kill vehicles and boosters to maximize overall system effectiveness and increase capacity and capability, including the costs and benefits of continued inclusion of capability enhancement II block 1 interceptors after the fielding of the next-generation improved homeland defense interceptor.