SEC. 1268.  INDEPENDENT ANALYSIS OF HUMAN RIGHTS SITUATION IN HONDURAS. (a)  Analysis Required .— (1)  Deadline. Contracts. In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall select and enter into an agreement with an independent think tank or a federally funded research and development center to conduct an analysis of the compliance of the military and security forces of Honduras with international human rights laws and standards. 
 (2)  Matters to be included .— The analysis under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A description of the military-to-military activities between the United States and Honduras, including the manner in which Department of Defense engagement with the military and security forces of Honduras supports the National Defense Strategy. 
 (B)  An analysis of the activities of the military and security forces of Honduras with respect to human rights activists, including— (i)  a description of the processes and procedures of the Department to identify human rights violations; and 133 STAT. 1696 
 (ii)  an analysis of whether such processes and procedures comply with Department policy on adherence to human rights and international law. 
 
 (C)  With respect to United States national security interests, an analysis of the challenges posed by corruption within the military and security forces of Honduras, including— (i)  an analysis of participation, if any, by the military and security forces of Honduras in illegal narcotics trafficking activities; and 
 (ii)  Procedures. the processes and procedures within the military and security forces of Honduras to ensure accountability for such activities. 
 
 (D)  An analysis of— (i)  the security cooperation provided to Honduras by the Department during the 3-year period preceding the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
 (ii)  the extent to which such cooperation has improved accountability, transparency, and compliance to international human rights laws and standards in the security and military operations of the Government of Honduras. 
 
 (E) (i)  An identification of the units of the military and security forces of Honduras trained by the Department. 
 (ii)  An analysis of the role such units have had, if any, in the training, deployment, and command of the Military Police for Public Order (PMOP) in Honduras. 
 
 (F)  An analysis of the security cooperation of the Department with military intelligence and special forces units of Honduras. 
 (G)  An analysis of the relative importance of providing development assistance to Honduras to achieve United States national security objectives, including countering the proliferation of illegal narcotics flows through Honduras. 
 (H)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations on the development of future security cooperation with Honduras that prioritizes— (i)  compliance of the military and security forces of Honduras with human rights laws and standards; 
 (ii)  citizen security; and 
 (iii)  the advancement of United States national security interests with respect to countering the proliferation of illegal narcotics flows through Honduras. 
 
 (I)  Any other matters the Secretary considers necessary and relevant to United States national security interests. 
 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the entity selected under subsection (a) shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the analysis conducted under that subsection. 
 (c)  Department of Defense Support .— The Secretary shall provide the entity selected under subsection (a) with timely access to appropriate information, data, and analyses necessary to carry out such analysis in a thorough and independent manner. 
 (d)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 133 STAT. 1697 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.