SEC. 1206.  10 USC 362 note . PLAN TO PROVIDE CONSISTENCY OF ADMINISTRATION OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO VETTING OF UNITS OF SECURITY FORCES OF FOREIGN COUNTRIES; MODIFICATION OF ASSESSMENT, MONITORING, AND EVALUATION OF SECURITY COOPERATION PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State shall jointly develop, implement, and submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House  133 STAT. 1623 
of Representatives a plan to provide consistency in administration of  section 362 of title 10, United States Code , and section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2378d ). 
 (b)  Matters to Be Included .— The plan required by subsection (a) shall contain the following: (1)  Standards. Procedures. Human rights. Common standards and procedures which shall be used by the Department of Defense and Department of State to obtain and verify information regarding the vetting of units of the security forces of foreign countries for gross violation of human rights under the authorities described in subsection (a), including— (A)  Public information. Guidelines. public guidelines for external sources to report information; and 
 (B)  Criteria. Determination. methods and criteria employed by the Department of Defense and Department of State to determine whether sources, source reporting, and allegations are credible. 
 
 (2)  Measures to ensure the Department of Defense has read-only access to the International Vetting and Security Tracking (INVEST) system, and any successor or equivalent system. 
 (3)  Applicability. Measures to ensure the authorities described in subsection (a) are applied to any foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, and individuals that receive training, equipment, or other assistance from the United States military. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The plan required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Integration of Human Rights and Civilian Protection Into Assessment, Monitoring, and Evaluation of Security Cooperation Programs and Activities .— (1)  Reports required .— The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an interim report and a final report on the steps the Secretary will take to incorporate partner units’ activities, as such activities relate to human rights and protection of civilians, into the program elements described in  section 383(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  Deadlines .— (A)  Summary. Interim report .— The interim report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall include a summary of the progress of the Secretary in implementing the steps described in such paragraph. 
 (B)  Final report .— The final report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted to the appropriate congressional committees not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act and shall specifically identify the actions the Secretary took to implement the steps described in paragraph (1). 
 
 (3)  Appropriate congressional committees defined .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (A)  The Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
 (B)  The Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 133 STAT. 1624