SEC. 1275.  REPORTS ON EXPENSES INCURRED FOR IN-FLIGHT REFUELING OF SAUDI COALITION AIRCRAFT CONDUCTING MISSIONS RELATING TO CIVIL WAR IN YEMEN. (a)  Reports Required .— (1)  Time period. In general .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 30 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress detailing the expenses incurred by the United States in providing in-flight refueling services for Saudi or Saudi-led coalition non-United States aircraft conducting missions as part of the civil war in Yemen during the period of March 1, 2015, through November 11, 2018,  133 STAT. 1700 
and the extent to which such expenses have been reimbursed by members of the Saudi-led coalition. 
 (2)  Elements .— Each report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  The total expenses incurred by the United States in providing in-flight refueling services, including fuel, flight hours, and other applicable expenses, to Saudi or Saudi-led coalition, non-United States aircraft conducting missions as part of the civil war in Yemen. 
 (B)  The amount of the expenses described in subparagraph (A) that has been reimbursed by each member of the Saudi-led coalition. 
 (C)  Reimbursement. Any action taken by the United States to recoup the remaining expenses described in subparagraph (A), including any commitments by members of the Saudi-led coalition to reimburse the United States for such expenses. 
 
 (3)  Sunset . Certification. Time period. — The reporting requirement under paragraph (1) shall cease to be effective on the date on which the Secretary certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that all expenses incurred by the United States in providing in-flight refueling services for Saudi or Saudi-led coalition non-United States aircraft conducting missions as part of the civil war in Yemen during the period of March 1, 2015, through November 11, 2018, have been reimbursed. 
 
 (b)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (4)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.