SEC. 1676.  REPORT ON NUCLEAR FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES AND NEAR-PEER COUNTRIES. (a)  Coordination. Report .— Not later than February 15, 2020, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the nuclear forces of the United States and near-peer countries. 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An assessment of the current and planned nuclear systems of the United States, including with respect to research and development timelines, deployment timelines, and force size. 133 STAT. 1779 
 (2)  An assessment of the current and planned nuclear systems of the People’s Republic of China, including with respect to research and development timelines, deployment timelines, and force size. 
 (3)  An assessment of the current and planned nuclear systems of the Russian Federation, including with respect to research and development timelines, deployment timelines, and force size, including— (A)  deployed nuclear weapons not covered by the New START Treaty; 
 (B)  nuclear weapons in development that would not be covered by the New START Treaty; and 
 (C)  strategic nuclear weapons that are not deployed. 
 
 
 (c)  Form .— The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  New start treaty .— The term “ New START Treaty ” means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed at Prague April 8, 2010, and entered into force February 5, 2011.