SEC. 149.  AIR FORCE AGGRESSOR SQUADRON MODERNIZATION. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  it is critical that the Air Force has the capability to train against an advanced air adversary in order to be prepared for conflicts against a modern enemy force, and that in order to have this capability, the Air Force must have access to an advanced adversary force prior to United States adversaries fielding a 5th-generation operational capability; and 
 (2)  the Air Force’s plan to use low-rate initial production F–35As as aggressor aircraft reflects a recognition of the need to field a modernized aggressor fleet. 
 
 (b)  Report .— (1)  Plan. In general .— The Secretary of the Air Force may not transfer any low-rate initial production F–35 aircraft for use as aggressor aircraft until the Chief of Staff of the Air Force submits to the congressional defense committees a comprehensive plan and report on the strategy for modernizing its organic aggressor fleet. 
 (2)  Analyses. Elements .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: (A)  Potential locations for F–35A aggressor aircraft, including an analysis of installations that— (i)  have the size and availability of airspace necessary to meet flying operations requirements; 
 (ii)  have sufficient capacity and availability of range space; 
 (iii)  are capable of hosting advanced-threat training exercises; and 
 (iv)  meet or require minimal addition to the environmental requirements associated with the basing action. 
 
 (B)  An analysis of the potential cost and benefits of expanding aggressor squadrons currently operating 18 Primary Assigned Aircraft (PAA) to a level of 24 PAA each. 133 STAT. 1244 
 (C)  An analysis of the cost and timelines associated with modernizing the current Air Force aggressor squadrons to include upgrading aircraft radar, infrared search-and-track systems, radar warning receiver, tactical datalink, threat-representative jamming pods, and other upgrades necessary to provide a realistic advanced adversary threat.