SEC. 1251.  MODIFICATION OF INDO-PACIFIC MARITIME SECURITY INITIATIVE. (a)  Types of Assistance and Training .— Subsection (c)(2)(A) of section 1263 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 10 U.S.C. 2282 note ) 10 USC 333 note .   is amended  by  inserting  “ the law of armed conflict, the rule of law, and ” after “ respect for ”. 
 (b)  Notice to Congress on Assistance and Training .— Subsection (g)(1) of such section  is amended — (1)  in subparagraph (A), by  inserting  at the end before the period the following: “ , the specific unit or units whose capacity to engage in activities under a program of assistance or training to be provided under subsection (a) will be built under the program, and the amount, type, and purpose of the support to be provided ”; 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (J); and 
 (3)  by  inserting  after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraphs: “(F)  Information, including the amount, type, and purpose, on assistance and training provided under subsection (a) during the three preceding fiscal years, if applicable. 133 STAT. 1667 
 “(G)  A description of the elements of the theater campaign plan of the geographic combatant command concerned and the interagency integrated country strategy that will be advanced by the assistance and training provided under subsection (a). 
 “(H)  A description of whether assistance and training provided under subsection (a) could be provided pursuant to— “(i)  section 333 of title 10, United States Code , or other security cooperation authorities of the Department of Defense; or 
 “(ii)  security cooperation authorities of the Department of State. 
 
 “(I)  An identification of each such authority described in subparagraph (H).” 
 . 
 
 (c)  Annual Monitoring Reports .— Such section  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  subsection (h) as subsection (j); and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after subsection (g) the following new subsection: “(h)  Annual Monitoring Reports .— “(1)  In general .— Not later than March 1, 2020, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth, for the preceding calendar year, the following: “(A)  Assessment. An assessment, by recipient foreign country, of— “(i)  the country’s capabilities relating to maritime security and maritime domain awareness; 
 “(ii)  the country’s capability enhancement priorities, including how such priorities relate to the theater campaign strategy, country plan, and theater campaign plan relating to maritime security and maritime domain awareness; 
 
 “(B)  A discussion, by recipient foreign country, of— “(i)  priority capabilities that the Department of Defense plans to enhance under the authority under subsection (a) and priority capabilities the Department plans to enhance under separate United States security cooperation and security assistance authorities; and 
 “(ii)  the anticipated timeline for assistance and training for each such capability. 
 
 “(C)  Information, by recipient foreign country, on the status of funds allocated for assistance and training provided under subsection (a), including funds allocated but not yet obligated or expended. 
 “(D)  Information, by recipient foreign country, on the delivery and use of assistance and training provided under subsection (a). 
 “(E)  Information, by recipient foreign country, on the timeliness of the provision of assistance and training under subsection (a) as compared to the timeliness of the provision of assistance and training previously provided to the foreign country under subsection (a). 
 “(F)  A description of the reasons the Department of Defense chose to utilize the authority for assistance and training under subsection (a) in the preceding calendar year. 133 STAT. 1668 
 “(G)  An explanation of any impediments to timely obligation or expenditure of funds allocated for assistance and training under subsection (a) or any significant delay in the delivery of such assistance and training. 
 
 “(2)  Appropriate committees of congress defined .— In this subsection, the term ‘ appropriate committees of Congress ’ has the meaning given the term in subsection (g)(2).” 
 
 . 
 
 (d)  Limitation .— Such section, as so amended, is further amended by  inserting  after subsection (h), as added by subsection (c)(2), the following: “(i)  Limitation .— The provision of assistance and training pursuant to a program under subsection (a) shall be subject to the provisions of  section 383 of title 10, United States Code .” 
 .