SEC. 1610.  PREPARATION TO IMPLEMENT PLAN FOR USE OF ALLIED LAUNCH VEHICLES. (a)  Coordination. Preparation .— The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall take actions necessary to prepare to implement the plan developed pursuant to section 1603 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ;  130 Stat. 2584 ) regarding using allied launch vehicles to meet the requirements for achieving the policy relating to assured access to space set forth in  section 2273 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (b)  Actions Required .— In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1)  identify the satellites of the United States that would be appropriate to be launched on an allied launch vehicle; 
 (2)  Assessment. Determination. assess the relevant provisions of Federal law, regulations, and policies governing the launch of national security satellites and determine whether any legislative, regulatory, or policy actions (including with respect to waivers) would be necessary to allow for the launch of a national security satellite on an allied launch vehicle; and 
 (3)  Certification. Estimates. address any certification requirements necessary for such use of allied launch vehicles and the estimated cost, schedule, and actions necessary to certify allied launch vehicles for such use. 
 
 (c)  Reports. Submission to Congress .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on preparing to implement the plan described in subsection (a), including information regarding each action required by paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (b). 
 (d)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; and 
 (2)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 133 STAT. 1729