SEC. 1003.  FINANCIAL IMPROVEMENT AND AUDIT REMEDIATION PLAN. (a)  Elements of Annual Report .— Subsection (b)(1)(B) of  section 240b of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in clause (vii)— (A)  by  striking  “ or if less than 50 percent of the audit remediation services ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ and audit remediation activities ”; and 
 
 (2)  in clause (viii), by  striking  “ or if less than 25 percent of the audit remediation services ”. 
 
 (b)  Semiannual Briefings .— Subsection (b)(2) of such section  is amended  by  striking  “ or audit remediation ”. 
 (c)  Audit Remediation Services .— Subsection (b) of such section is further amended— (1)  in paragraph (1)(B), by  adding  at the end the following new clauses: “(ix)  If less than 50 percent of the audit remediation services under contract, as described in the briefing required under paragraph (2)(B), are being performed by individual professionals meeting the qualifications described in suhsection (c), a detailed description of the risks associated with the risks of the acquisition strategy of the Department with respect to conducting audit remediation activities and an explanation of how the strategy complies with the policies expressed by Congress. 133 STAT. 1572 
 “(x)  Certification. If less than 25 percent of the audit remediation services under contract, as described in the briefing required under paragraph (2)(B), are being performed by individual professionals meeting the qualifications described in subsection (c), a written certification that the staffing ratio complies with commercial best practices and presents no increased risk of delay in the Department’s ability to achieve a clean audit opinion.” 
 ; and 
 (2)  in paragraph (2)— (A)  by  striking  “ Not later ” and  inserting  “ (A) Not later ”; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraph: “(B)  Deadlines. Briefings. Not later than January 31 and June 30 each year, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) and the comptrollers of the military departments shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the status of the corrective action plan. Such briefing shall include both the absolute number and percentage of personnel performing the amount of audit remediation services being performed by professionals meeting the qualifications described in subsection (c).” 
 . 
 
 
 (d)  Selection of Audit Remediation Services .— Such section is further amended by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(c)  Selection of Audit Remediation Services .— The selection of audit remediation service providers shall be based, among other appropriate criteria, on qualifications, relevant experience, and capacity to develop and implement corrective action plans to address internal control and compliance deficiencies identified during a financial statement or program audit.” 
 .