SEC. 1721.  ASSESSMENT OF STANDARDS, PROCESSES, PROCEDURES, AND POLICY RELATING TO CIVILIAN CASUALTIES. (a)  Contracts. Assessment .— The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center for the conduct of an independent assessment of Department of Defense standards, processes, procedures, and policy relating to civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations. 
 (b)  Matters To Be Considered .— In conducting the assessment under this section, the federally funded research and development center shall consider the following matters: (1)  Department of Defense policy relating to civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations. 
 (2)  Standards, processes, and procedures for internal assessments and investigations of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations. 
 (3)  Standards, processes, and procedures for identifying, assessing, investigating, and responding to reports of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations from the public and non-governmental entities and sources. 
 (4)  Combatant command resourcing and organizational constructs for assessing and investigating civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations. 
 (5)  Mechanisms for public and non-governmental entities to report civilian casualties that may have resulted from United States military operations to the Department of Defense. 
 (6)  Standards and processes for accurately recording kinetic strikes, including raids, strikes, and other missions, and civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations. 
 (7)  Analysis. An analysis of general reasons for any disparity between third party public estimates and official United States Government estimates of civilian casualties resulting from United States or joint military operations. 133 STAT. 1810 
 (8)  The standardization of dissemination and institutionalization across the Department of Defense and the combatant commands of lessons learned from United States military operations as a means of reducing the likelihood of civilian casualties from United States military operations. 
 (9)  Any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Recommendations for Improvements .— The results of the assessment under this section shall include recommendations for improvements to standards, processes, procedures, policy, and organizational constructs relating to civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations. 
 (d)  Submission of Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than July 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an unaltered copy of the assessment under this section, together with the views of the Secretary on the assessment and on the recommendations included pursuant to subsection (c). 
 (2)  Form of report .— The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
 (3)  Public availability .— The Secretary shall make the unclassified form of the report under paragraph (1) available to the public.