SEC. 1259.  REPORT ON SECURITY COOPERATION WITH THE PHILIPPINE NATIONAL POLICE. (a)  Report .— Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in concurrence with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report concerning security sector assistance programs with the Philippine National Police. 
 (b)  Matters to Be Included .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  A description of current and planned security sector assistance programs with the Philippine National Police. 
 (2)  The purpose, objectives, and type of training, equipment, or assistance provided under each such program or activity. 
 (3)  An identification of the lead agency responsible for each such program or activity. 
 (4)  An identification of the authority or authorities under which each such program or activity is conducted. 133 STAT. 1677 
 (5)  A description of the process and criteria used to determine utilization of each such authority or authorities. 
 (6)  A description of how each such program or activity advances United States national security interests as it relates to the Department’s strategy regarding the Philippines. 
 (7)  An identification of the specific units of the Philippine National Police to receive training, equipment, or assistance under each such program. 
 (8)  Assessment. A description of the process and criteria by which specific units of the Philippine National Police are selected as recipients of such programs and activities, including an assessment of the comparative value of working with units of law enforcement and units of the military forces of the Philippines. 
 (9)  Assessment. An assessment of the current operational effectiveness of such units and a description of the metrics used to make such assessment. 
 (10)  An identification of priority capabilities of such units to enhance through training, equipment, or assistance under each such program or activity. 
 (11)  Plan. A plan to identify, monitor, track, and assess the ability of each such program or activity to meet each of the objectives described pursuant to paragraph (2) to enhance the capabilities of each such unit. 
 (12)  An identification of any units of the Philippine National Police that are determined or credibly alleged to have committed human rights abuses. 
 (13)  A description of the relationship between any units of the Philippine National Police identified pursuant to paragraph (12) and any unit identified pursuant to paragraph (7). 
 (14)  A description of the current or previous role, if any, of each unit identified pursuant to paragraph (7) in the anti-drug campaign. 
 (15)  Assessment. An assessment of the ability of the United States to identify the units described in paragraph (12). 
 (16)  Any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines should be included. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form without any designation relating to dissemination control, but may contain a classified annex. 
 (d)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.