SEC. 1634.  QUARTERLY ASSESSMENTS OF THE READINESS OF CYBER MISSION FORCES. (a)  In General .— Section 484(b) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after paragraph (3) the following new paragraph (4): “(4)  An overview of the readiness of the Cyber Mission Forces to perform assigned missions that— “(A)  address all of the abilities of such Forces to conduct cyberspace operations based on capability and capacity of personnel, equipment, training, and equipment condition— “(i)  using both quantitative and qualitative metrics; and 
 “(ii)  in a way that is common to all military departments; and 
 
 “(B)  is consistent with readiness reporting pursuant to section 482 of this title.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  10 USC 117 note . Metrics .— (1)  Assessment. Establishment required .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish metrics for the assessment of the readiness of the Cyber Mission Forces of the Department of Defense. 
 (2)  Deadline. Time period. Briefings required .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and quarterly thereafter until completion of the establishment of the metrics under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on such metrics, including progress as required pursuant to subsection (c). 
 
 (c)  10 USC 117 note . Modification of Readiness Reporting System .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the  133 STAT. 1748 
Secretary shall take such actions as the Secretary considers appropriate to ensure that the comprehensive readiness reporting system established pursuant to  section 117(a) of title 10, United States Code , covers matters relating to the readiness of the Cyber Mission Forces— (1)  using the metrics established pursuant to subsection (b)(1); and 
 (2)  in a manner that is consistent with sections 117 and 482 of such title. 
 
 (d)  Effective date. 10 USC 484 note . First Quarterly Briefing Assessing Cyber Readiness .— The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.