SEC. 231.  10 USC 2223a note . DIGITAL ENGINEERING CAPABILITY TO AUTOMATE TESTING AND EVALUATION. (a)  Digital Engineering Capability .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish a digital engineering capability to be used— (A)  for the development and deployment of digital engineering models for use in the defense acquisition process; and 
 (B)  to provide testing infrastructure and software to support automated approaches for testing, evaluation, and deployment throughout the defense acquisition process. 
 
 (2)  Requirements .— The capability developed under subsection (a) shall meet the following requirements: (A)  The capability will be accessible to, and useable by, individuals throughout the Department of Defense who have responsibilities relating to capability design, development, testing, evaluation, and operation. 
 (B)  The capability will provide for the development, validation, use, curation, and maintenance of technically accurate digital systems, models of systems, subsystems, and their components, at the appropriate level of fidelity to ensure that test activities adequately simulate the environment in which a system will be deployed. 
 (C)  The capability will include software to automate testing throughout the program life cycle, including to satisfy developmental test requirements and operational test  133 STAT. 1275 
requirements. Such software may be developed in accordance with the authorities provided under section 800, and shall support— (i)  security testing that includes vulnerability scanning and penetration testing performed by individuals, including threat-based red team exploitations and assessments with zero-trust assumptions; and 
 (ii)  high-confidence distribution of software to the field on a time-bound, repeatable, frequent, and iterative basis. 
 
 
 
 (b)  Demonstration Activities .— (1)  In general .— In developing the capability required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall carry out activities to demonstrate digital engineering approaches to automated testing that— (A)  enable continuous software development and delivery; 
 (B)  satisfy developmental test requirements for the software-intensive programs of the Department of Defense; and 
 (C)  satisfy operational test and evaluation requirements for such programs. 
 
 (2)  Deadline. Assessment. Program selection .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall assess and select not fewer than four and not more than ten programs of the Department of Defense to participate in the demonstration activities under paragraph (1), including— (A)  at least one program participating in the pilot program authorized under section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ;  10 U.S.C. 2223a note ); 
 (B)  at least one program participating in the pilot program authorized under section 874 of such Act ( Public Law 115–91 ;  10 U.S.C. 2302 note ); 
 (C)  at least one major defense acquisition program (as defined in  section 2430 of title 10, United States Code ); 
 (D)  at least one command and control program; 
 (E)  at least one defense business system (as defined in  section 2222(i) of title 10, United States Code ); and 
 (F)  at least one program from each military service. 
 
 (3)  Additional requirements .— As part of the demonstration activities under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A)  Analysis. conduct a comparative analysis that assesses the risks and benefits of the digital engineering supported automated testing approaches of the programs participating in the demonstration activities relative to traditional testing approaches that are not supported by digital engineering; 
 (B)  ensure that the intellectual property strategy for each of the programs participating in the demonstration activities is best aligned to meet the goals of the program; and 
 (C)  Plan. develop a workforce and infrastructure plan to support any new policies and guidance implemented in connection with the demonstration activities, including any policies and guidance implemented after the completion of such activities. 133 STAT. 1276 
 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Policies and Guidance Required .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, based on the results of the demonstration activities carried out under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall issue or modify policies and guidance to— (1)  promote the use of digital engineering capabilities for development and for automated testing; and 
 (2)  address roles, responsibilities, and procedures relating to such capabilities. 
 
 (d)  Steering Committee .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish a steering committee to assist the Secretary in carrying out subsections (a) through (c). 
 (2)  Membership .— The steering committee shall be composed of the following members or their designees: (A)  The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. 
 (B)  The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. 
 (C)  The Chief Information Officer. 
 (D)  The Director of Operational Test and Evaluation. 
 (E)  The Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation. 
 (F)  The Service Acquisition Executives. 
 (G)  The Service testing commands. 
 (H)  The Director of the Defense Digital Service. 
 
 
 (e)  Reports Required .— (1)  Implementation .— Not later than March 15, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the progress of the Secretary in implementing subsections (a) through (c). The report shall include an explanation of how the results of the demonstration activities carried out under subsection (b) will be incorporated into the policy and guidance required under subsection (c), particularly the policy and guidance of the members of the steering committee established under subsection (d). 
 (2)  Deadline. Briefing. Legislative recommendations .— Not later than October 15, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing that identifies any changes to existing law that may be necessary to facilitate the implementation of subsections (a) through (c). 
 
 (f)  Deadlines. Independent Assessment .— (1)  In general .— Not later than March 15, 2021, the Defense Innovation Board and the Defense Science Board shall jointly complete an independent assessment of the progress of the Secretary in implementing subsections (a) through (c). The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the Defense Innovation Board and the Defense Science Board have access to the resources, data, and information necessary to complete the assessment. 
 (2)  Information to congress .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the assessment under paragraph (1) is completed, the Defense Innovation Board and the Defense Science Board shall jointly provide to the congressional defense committees— (A)  Reports. a report summarizing the assessment; and 
 (B)  Briefing. a briefing on the findings of the assessment. 133 STAT. 1277