SEC. 2801.  MILITARY INSTALLATION RESILIENCE PLANS AND PROJECTS. (a)  Inclusion of Military Installation Resilience Information in Certain Installation Master Plans .— (1)  Requirement .— Section 2864 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (A)  in subsection (a)(1), by  inserting  “ military installation resilience, ” after “ master planning, ”; 
 (B)  by  redesignating  subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and 
 (C)  by  inserting  after subsection (b) the following new subsection: “(c)  Military Installation Resilience Component .— To address military installation resilience under subsection (a)(1), each installation master plan shall discuss the following: “(1)  Risks and threats to military installation resilience that exist at the time of the development of the plan and that are projected for the future, including from extreme weather events, mean sea level fluctuation, wildfires, flooding, and other changes in environmental conditions. 
 “(2)  Assets or infrastructure located on the military installation vulnerable to the risks and threats described in paragraph (1), with a special emphasis on assets or infrastructure critical to the mission of the installation and the mission of members of the armed forces. 
 “(3)  Lessons learned from the impacts of extreme weather events, including changes made to the military installation to address such impacts, since the prior master plan developed under this section. 
 “(4)  Ongoing or planned infrastructure projects or other measures, as of the time of the development of the plan, to  133 STAT. 1880 
mitigate the impacts of the risks and threats described in paragraph (1). 
 “(5)  Community infrastructure and resources located outside the installation (such as medical facilities, transportation systems, and energy infrastructure) that are— “(A)  necessary to maintain mission capability or that impact the resilience of the military installation; and 
 “(B)  vulnerable to the risks and threats described in paragraph (1). 
 
 “(6)  Agreements in effect or planned, as of the time of the development of the plan, with public or private entities for the purpose of maintaining or enhancing military installation resilience or resilience of the community infrastructure and resources described in paragraph (5). 
 “(7)  Projections from recognized governmental and scientific entities such as the Census Bureau, the National Academies of Sciences, the United States Geological Survey, and the United States Global Change Research Office (or any similar successor entities) with respect to future risks and threats (including the risks and threats described in paragraph (1)) to the resilience of any project considered in the installation master plan during the 50-year lifespan of the installation.” 
 
 . 
 
 (2)  Report on master plans .— Section 2864 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  inserting  after subsection (c), as added by subsection (a), the following new subsection: “(d)  Report .— Not later than March 1 of each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report listing all master plans completed pursuant to this section in the prior calendar year.” 
 . 
 
 (b)  Authority to Carry Out Military Installation Resilience Projects .— (1)  In general .— Subchapter I of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section: “§ 2815. 10 USC 2815 .  Military installation resilience projects “(a)  Projects Required .— The Secretary of Defense shall carry out military construction projects for military installation resilience, in accordance with section 2802 of this title. 
 “(b)  Congressional Notification .— (1)  When a decision is made to carry out a project under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of that decision. 
 “(2)  The Secretary of Defense shall include in each notification submitted under paragraph (1) the rationale for how the project would— “(A)  enhance military installation resilience; 
 “(B)  enhance mission assurance; 
 “(C)  support mission critical functions; and 
 “(D)  address known vulnerabilities. 
 
 
 “(c)  Timing of Projects .— A project may be carried out under this section only after the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date that notification with respect to that project under subsection (b) is received by the congressional defense committees in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title. 
 “(d)  Annual Report .— Not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year until December 31, 2025, the Secretary of Defense  133 STAT. 1881 
shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the status of the planned and active projects carried out under this section (including completed projects), and shall include in the report with respect to each such project the following information: “(1)  Cost estimates. The title, location, a brief description of the scope of work, the original project cost estimate, and the current working cost estimate. 
 “(2)  The information provided under subsection (b)(2). 
 “(3)  Such other information as the Secretary considers appropriate.” 
 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 169 of such title 10 USC 2801  prec.   is amended  by  inserting  after the item relating to section 2814 the following new item: 
 
 “2815.  
 Military installation resilience projects.”.