SEC. 240.  LIMITATION AND REPORT ON INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2 CAPABILITY. (a)  Assessments. Limitation and Report on Indirect Fire Protection Capability Increment 2 .— Not more than 50 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2020 for the Army may be obligated or expended for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Indirect Fire Protection Capability Increment 2 capability until the Secretary of the Army submits to the congressional defense committees a report on the Indirect Fire Protection Capability Increment 2 program that contains the following: (1)  An assessment of whether the requirements previously established for the enduring program meet the anticipated threat at the time of planned initial operating capability and fully operating capability. 
 (2)  List. A list of candidate systems considered to meet the Indirect Fire Protection Capability Increment 2 enduring requirement, including those fielded or in development by the Army and other elements of the Department of Defense. 
 (3)  An assessment of each candidate system’s capability against representative threats. 
 (4)  An assessment of other relevant specifications of each candidate system, including cost of development, cost per round if applicable, technological maturity, and logistics and sustainment. 
 (5)  Plan. A plan for how the Army will integrate the chosen system or systems into the Integrated Air and Missile Defense Battle Command System. 
 (6)  An assessment of the results of the performance, test, evaluation, integration, and interoperability of batteries one and two of the interim solution. 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Notification Required .— Not later than 10 days after the date on which the President submits the annual budget request of the President for fiscal year 2021 pursuant to  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code , the Secretary of the Defense shall, without delegation, submit to the congressional defense committees a notification identifying the military services or agencies that will be responsible for the conduct of air and missile defense in support of joint campaigns as it applies to defense against current and emerging missile threats. The notification shall identify the applicable programs of record to address such threats, including each class of cruise missile threat. 133 STAT. 1284