SEC. 263.  STUDY ON NATIONAL SECURITY EMERGING BIOTECHNOLOGIES FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. (a)  Study Required .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall direct the Defense Science Board to carry out a study on emerging biotechnologies pertinent to national security. 
 (2)  Participation .— Participants in the study shall include the following: (A)  Such members of the Board as the Chairman of the Board considers appropriate for the study. 
 (B)  Such additional temporary members or contracted support as the Secretary— (i)  selects from those recommended by the Chairman for purposes of the study; and 
 (ii)  considers to have significant technical, policy, or military expertise. 
 
 
 (3)  Assessments. Elements .— The study conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Reviews. A review of the military understanding and relevancy of applications of emerging biotechnologies to national security requirements of the Department of Defense, including— (i)  a review of all research and development relating to emerging biotechnologies within the Department of Defense, including areas that demand further priority and investment; 
 (ii)  a review of interagency cooperation and collaboration on research and development relating to emerging biotechnologies between— (I)  the Department; 
 (II)  other departments and agencies in the Federal Government; and 
 (III)  appropriate private sector entities that are involved in research and development relating to emerging biotechnologies; 
 
 (iii)  an assessment of current biotechnology research in the commercial sector, institutions of higher education, the intelligence community, and  133 STAT. 1299 
civilian agencies of the Federal Government relevant to critical Department of Defense applications of this research; 
 (iv)  an assessment of the potential national security risks of emerging biotechnologies, including risks relating to foreign powers advancing their use of emerging biotechnologies for military applications and other purposes faster than the Department; and 
 (v)  an assessment of the knowledge base of the Department with respect to emerging biotechnologies, including scientific expertise and infrastructure in the Department and the capacity of the Department to integrate emerging biotechnologies into its operational concepts, capabilities, and forces. 
 
 (B)  An assessment of the technical basis within the Department used to inform the intelligence community of the Department’s collection and analysis needs relating to emerging biotechnologies. 
 (C)  Recommenda- tions. Development of a recommendation on a definition of emerging biotechnologies, as appropriate for the Department. 
 (D)  Recommenda- tions. Development of such recommendations as the Board may have for legislative or administrative action relating to national security emerging biotechnologies for the Department. 
 
 (4)  Access to information .— The Secretary shall provide the Board with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analysis so that the Board may conduct a thorough and independent analysis as required under this section. 
 (5)  Report .— (A)  Not later than one year after the date on which the Secretary directs the Board to conduct the study pursuant to paragraph (1), the Board shall transmit to the Secretary a final report on the study. 
 (B)  Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the final report under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees such report and such comments as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Briefing Required .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the congressional defense committees a briefing on potential national security risks of emerging biotechnologies, including risks relating to foreign powers advancing their use of emerging biotechnologies for military applications and other purposes faster than the Department.