SEC. 264.  Reports. INDEPENDENT STUDY ON OPTIMIZING RESOURCES ALLOCATED TO COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNICAL SUPPORT OFFICE. (a)  Deadline. Contracts. Independent Study .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center under which the center will conduct a study on the optimal use of resources allocated to the Combating Terrorism Technical Support Office. 
 (b)  Elements of Study .— In carrying out the study referred to in subsection (a), the federally funded research and development  133 STAT. 1300 
center with which the Secretary enters into a contract under such subsection shall— (1)  Evaluation. evaluate the current mission and organization of the Combating Terrorism Technical Support Office and its relation to the objectives outlined in the National Defense Strategy; 
 (2)  Assessment. assess the extent to which the activities of the Combating Terrorism Technical Support Office are complementary to and coordinated with other relevant activities by other Department of Defense entities, including activities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, United States Special Operations Command, and the military departments; and 
 (3)  identify opportunities to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the Combating Terrorism Technical Support Office, including through increased coordination, realignment, or consolidation with other entities of the Department of Defense, if appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Submission to Department of Defense .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the federally funded research and development center that conducts the study under subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary of Defense a report on the results of the study in both classified and unclassified form. 
 (d)  Records. Submission to Congress .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense receives the report under subsection (c), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees an unaltered copy of the report in both classified and unclassified form, and such comments as the Secretary may have with respect to the report.