SEC. 262.  10 USC 2362 note . NATIONAL STUDY ON DEFENSE RESEARCH AT HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND OTHER MINORITY INSTITUTIONS. (a)  Study Required .— The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine (referred to in this section as the “National Academies”) under which the National Academies will conduct a study on the status of defense research at covered institutions and the methods and means necessary to advance research capacity at covered institutions to comprehensively address the national security and defense needs of the United States. 
 (b)  Designation .— The study conducted under subsection (a) shall be known as the “National Study on Defense Research At Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Other Minority Institutions”. 
 (c)  Elements .— The study conducted under subsection (a) shall include an examination of each of the following: (1)  The degree to which covered institutions are successful in competing for and executing Department of Defense contracts and grants for defense research. 
 (2)  Best practices for advancing the capacity of covered institutions to compete for and conduct research programs related to national security and defense. 
 (3)  The advancements and investments necessary to elevate covered institutions to R2 status or R1 status on the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, consistent with the criteria of the classification system. 
 (4)  The facilities and infrastructure for defense-related research at covered institutions as compared to the facilities and infrastructure at institutions classified as R1 status on the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education. 
 (5)  Incentives to attract, recruit, and retain leading research faculty to covered institutions. 
 (6)  Best practices of institutions classified as R1 status on the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education, including best practices with respect to— (A)  the establishment of a distinct legal entity to— (i)  enter into contracts or receive grants from the Department; 
 (ii)  lay the groundwork for future research opportunities; 
 (iii)  develop research proposals; 133 STAT. 1296 
 (iv)  engage with defense research funding organizations; and 
 (v)  execute the administration of grants; and 
 
 (B)  determining the type of legal entity, if any, to establish for the purposes described in subparagraph (A). 
 
 (7)  The ability of covered institutions to develop, protect, and commercialize intellectual property created through defense-related research. 
 (8)  The total amount of defense research funding awarded to all institutions of higher education, including covered institutions, through contracts and grants for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2019 and, with respect to each such institution— (A)  whether the institution established a distinct legal entity to enter into contracts or receive grants from the Department and, if so, the type of legal entity that was established; 
 (B)  the total value of contracts and grants awarded to the institution of higher education for each of fiscal years 2010 through 2019; 
 (C)  the overhead rate of the institution of higher education for fiscal year 2019; 
 (D)  the institution’s classification on the Carnegie Classification of Institutions of Higher Education; and 
 (E)  whether the institution qualifies as a covered institution. 
 
 (9)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for strengthening and enhancing the programs executed under  section 2362 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (10)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations to enhance the capacity of covered institutions to transition research products into defense acquisition programs or commercialization. 
 (11)  Previous executive or legislative actions by the Federal Government to address imbalances in Federal research funding, including such programs as the Defense Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research (commonly known as “DEPSCoR”). 
 (12)  The effectiveness of the Department in attracting and retaining students specializing in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields from covered institutions for the Department’s programs on emerging capabilities and technologies. 
 (13)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for the development of incentives to encourage research and educational collaborations between covered institutions and other institutions of higher education. 
 (14)  Any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines to be relevant to advancing the defense research capacity of covered institutions. 
 
 (d)  Reports .— (1)  Initial report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the President and the appropriate congressional committees an initial report that includes— (A)  the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a); and 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. any recommendations that the National Academies may have for action by the executive branch and Congress to improve the participation of covered institutions in  133 STAT. 1297 
Department of Defense research and any actions that may be carried out to expand the research capacity of such institutions. 
 
 (2)  Final report .— Not later than December 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the President and the appropriate congressional committees a comprehensive report on the results of the study required under subsection (a). 
 (3)  Public information. Form of reports .— Each report submitted under this subsection shall be made publicly available. 
 
 (e)  Implementation Required .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Except as provided in paragraph (2), not later than March 1, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall commence implementation of each recommendation included in the final report submitted under subsection (d)(2). 
 (2)  Exceptions .— (A)  Delayed implementation .— The Secretary of Defense may commence implementation of a recommendation described paragraph (1) later than March 1, 2022, if— (i)  Notice. the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees written notice of the intent of the Secretary to delay implementation of the recommendation; and 
 (ii)  includes, as part of such notice, a specific justification for the delay in implementing the recommendation. 
 
 (B)  Nonimplementation .— The Secretary of Defense may elect not to implement a recommendation described in paragraph (1), if— (i)  Notice. the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees written notice of the intent of the Secretary not to implement the recommendation; and 
 (ii)  includes, as part of such notice— (I)  the reasons for the Secretary’s decision not to implement the recommendation; and 
 (II)  Summary. a summary of alternative actions the Secretary will carry out to address the purposes underlying the recommendation. 
 
 
 
 (3)  Implementation plan .— For each recommendation that the Secretary implements under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees an implementation plan that includes— (A)  Summary. a summary of actions that have been, or will be, carried out to implement the recommendation; and 
 (B)  a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the recommendation. 
 
 
 (f)  Consultation. Public information. Web posting. List of Covered Institutions .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Education and the Presidents of the National Academies, shall make available a list identifying each covered institution examined as part of the study under subsection (a). The list shall be made available on a publicly accessible website and shall be updated not less frequently than once annually until the date on which the final report is submitted under subsection (d)(2). 
 (g)  Definitions .— In this section: 133 STAT. 1298 (1)  The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Education and Labor of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  The term “ covered institution ” means— (A)  a part B institution (as that term is defined in section 322(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1061(2) ); or 
 (B)  any other institution of higher education (as that term is defined in section 101 of such Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 )) at which not less than 50 percent of the total student enrollment consists of students from ethnic groups that are underrepresented in the fields of science and engineering.