SEC. 223.  10 USC 2358 note . DIRECT AIR CAPTURE AND BLUE CARBON REMOVAL TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM. (a)  Program Required .— (1)  Coordination. In general .— The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Energy, and the heads of such other Federal agencies as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate, shall carry out a program on research, development, testing, evaluation, study, and demonstration of technologies related to blue carbon capture and direct air capture. 
 (2)  Program goals .— The goals of the program established under paragraph (1) are as follows: (A)  To develop technologies that capture carbon dioxide from seawater and the air to turn such carbon dioxide into clean fuels to enhance fuel and energy security. 
 (B)  To develop and demonstrate technologies that capture carbon dioxide from seawater and the air to reuse such carbon dioxide to create products for military uses. 
 (C)  To develop direct air capture technologies for use— (i)  at military installations or facilities of the Department of Defense; or 
 (ii)  in modes of transportation by the Navy or the Coast Guard. 
 
 
 (3)  Phases .— The program established under paragraph (1) shall be carried out in two phases as follows: (A)  The first phase shall consist of research and development and shall be carried out as described in subsection (b). 
 (B)  Evaluation. Determination. The second phase shall consist of testing and evaluation and shall be carried out as described in subsection (c), if the Secretary determines that the results of the research and development phase justify implementing the testing and evaluation phase. 
 
 (4)  Designation .— The program established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the “Direct Air Capture and Blue Carbon Removal Technology Program” (in this section referred to as the “Program”). 
 
 (b)  Research and Development Phase .— (1)  In general .— During the research and development phase of the Program, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct research and development in pursuit of the goals set forth in subsection (a)(2). 
 (2)  Study. Evaluation. Direct air capture .— The research and development phase of the Program may include, with respect to direct air capture, a front end engineering and design study that includes an evaluation of direct air capture designs to produce fuel for use— (A)  at military installations or facilities of the Department of Defense; or 133 STAT. 1265 
 (B)  in modes of transportation by the Navy or the Coast Guard. 
 
 (3)  Deadline. Commencement .— The Secretary shall commence carrying out the research and development phase of the Program not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (4)  Grants authorized .— The Secretary may carry out the research and development phase of the Program through the award of grants to private persons and eligible laboratories. 
 (5)  Report required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the completion of the research and development phase of the Program, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the research and development carried out under the Program. 
 
 (c)  Testing and Evaluation Phase .— (1)  In general .— During the testing and evaluation phase of the Program, the Secretary shall, in pursuit of the goals set forth in subsection (a)(2), conduct tests and evaluations of the technologies researched and developed during the research and development phase of the Program. 
 (2)  Direct air capture .— The testing and evaluation phase of the Program may include demonstration projects for direct air capture to produce fuels for use— (A)  at military installations or facilities of the Department of Defense; or 
 (B)  in modes of transportation by the Navy or the Coast Guard. 
 
 (3)  Commencement .— Subject to subsection (a)(3)(B), the Secretary shall commence carrying out the testing and evaluation phase of the Program on the date of the completion of the research and development phase described in subsection (b), except that the testing and evaluation phase of the Program with respect to direct air capture may commence at such time after a front end engineering and design study demonstrates to the Secretary that commencement of such phase is appropriate. 
 (4)  Grants authorized .— The Secretary may carry out the testing and evaluation phase of the Program through the award of grants to private persons and eligible laboratories. 
 (5)  Locations .— The Secretary shall carry out the testing and evaluation phase of the Program at military installations or facilities of the Department of Defense. 
 (6)  Report required .— Not later than September 30, 2026, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the findings of the Secretary with respect to the effectiveness of the technologies tested and evaluated under the Program. 
 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ blue carbon capture ” means the removal of dissolved carbon dioxide from seawater through engineered or inorganic processes, including filters, membranes, or phase change systems. 
 (2) (A)  The term “ direct air capture ”, with respect to a facility, technology, or system, means that the facility, technology, or system uses carbon capture equipment to capture carbon dioxide directly from the air. 
 (B)  The term “ direct air capture ” does not include any facility, technology, or system that captures carbon dioxide— 133 STAT. 1266 (i)  that is deliberately released from a naturally occurring subsurface spring; or 
 (ii)  using natural photosynthesis. 
 
 
 (3)  The term “ eligible laboratory ” means— (A)  a National Laboratory (as defined in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( 42 U.S.C. 15801 )); 
 (B)  a science and technology reinvention laboratory designated under section 1105 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ;  10 U.S.C. 2358 note ); 
 (C)  the Major Range and Test Facility Base (as defined in  section 2358a(f) of title 10, United States Code ); or 
 (D)  any other facility that supports the research, development, test, and evaluation activities of the Department of Defense or the Department of Energy.