SEC. 3519.  REPORT ON UNITED STATES FLAGGED FUEL TANKER VESSEL CAPACITY. (a)  Consultation. Time periods. Report Required .— Concurrent with the budget of the President for fiscal year 2021, as submitted to Congress under  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code , the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the capabilities of the United States to maintain adequate United States-flagged fuel tanker vessel capacity to support the full range of anticipated military operations over each period as follows: (1)  In 2020. 
 (2)  Between 2020 and 2025. 
 (3)  Between 2020 and 2030. 
 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include, for each period specified in that subsection, the following: (1)  A description of current and projected United States-flagged fuel tanker vessel capacity. 
 (2)  A description of current and projected United States military needs for United States-flagged fuel tanker vessel capacity, including the most stressing peacetime and wartime requirements. 
 (3)  A description and assessment of the number of foreign-flagged tanker vessels required to address United States military needs described pursuant to paragraph (2), including the most stressing peacetime and wartime requirements. 
 (4)  An identification and assessment of any gaps in the capacity described pursuant to paragraph (1) to meet the United States military needs described pursuant to paragraph (2), including quantities of tanker vessels, as well as an assessment of the risk to military objectives due to reliance on foreign-flagged tanker vessels described pursuant to paragraph (3). 
 (5)  A description and assessment of options to address the gaps identified pursuant to paragraph (4), including the establishment of a program for United States-flagged fuel tanker vessels modeled on the Maritime Security Program. 
 (6)  Recommenda- tions. Such recommendations as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate in light of the matters set forth in the report. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  The term “ Maritime Security Program ” means the program in connection with the Maritime Security Fleet under  chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code . 133 STAT. 1988