SEC. 3136.  INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF CAPABILITIES FOR DETECTION, VERIFICATION, AND MONITORING OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS AND FISSILE MATERIAL. (a)  Deadline. Consultation. Contracts. Assessment. Plan .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall seek to enter into a contract with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct an independent review and assessment of United States capabilities for detection, verification, and monitoring of nuclear weapons and fissile material. 
 (b)  Elements .— The review and assessment required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Evaluation. An evaluation of the current national research enterprise for detection, verification, and monitoring of nuclear weapons and fissile material. 
 (2)  Integration of roles, responsibilities, and planning for such detection, verification, and monitoring within the Federal Government. 
 (3)  Opportunities to leverage the national research enterprise to further prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons and fissile material, including with respect to policy, research and development, and testing and evaluation. 
 (4)  Opportunities for international engagement for building cooperation and transparency, including bilateral and multilateral efforts, to improve inspections, detection, and monitoring of nuclear weapons and fissile material, and to create incentives for such cooperation and transparency. 
 (5)  Opportunities for new or expanded research and development efforts to improve detection and monitoring of, and in-field inspection and analysis capabilities with respect to, nuclear weapons and fissile materials. 
 (6)  Opportunities for improved coordination between departments and agencies of the Federal Government and the military departments, national laboratories, commercial industry, and academia. 
 (7)  Opportunities for leveraging commercial capabilities. 
 
 (c)  Submission to Congress .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the congressional defense committees, without  133 STAT. 1961 
change, the findings of the National Academy resulting from the review and assessment conducted under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Form .— The findings described in paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.