SEC. 3001.  DEFINITIONS. (a)  10 USC 2821 note . Definitions Generally .— In this title: (1)  The term “ landlord ” means an eligible entity that enters into, or has entered into, a contract as a partner with the Secretary concerned for the acquisition or construction of a housing unit under  subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code . The term includes any agent of the eligible entity or any subsequent lessor who owns, manages, or is otherwise responsible for a housing unit. The term does not include an entity of the Federal Government. 
 (2)  The term “ privatized military housing ” means military housing provided under  subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (3)  The term “ tenant ” means a member of the armed forces, including a reserve component thereof in an active status, or a dependent of a member of the armed forces who resides at a housing unit, is a party to a lease for a housing unit, or is authorized to act on behalf of the member under subchapters IV and V of  chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code , in the event of the assignment or deployment of a member. 
 
 (b)  New and Revised Title 10 Definitions .— Section 2871 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (4), by  adding  at the end the following new sentence: “ The fact that an agreement between an eligible entity and the Secretary concerned is designated as an agreement rather than a contract shall not be construed to exclude the agreement from the term ‘ contract ’ for purposes of this subchapter and subchapter V. ”; 
 (2)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (7) and (8) as paragraphs (11) and (13), respectively; 
 (3)  by  inserting  after paragraph (6) the following new paragraphs: “(7)  The term ‘ housing document ’ means a document developed by the Secretary of Defense under section 2890 of this title and known as the Military Housing Privatization Initiative Tenant Bill of Rights or the Military Housing Privatization Initiative Tenant Responsibilities. 
 “(8)  The term ‘ housing unit ’ means a unit of family housing or military unaccompanied housing acquired or constructed under this subchapter. 133 STAT. 1917 
 “(9)  The term ‘ incentive fees ’ means any amounts payable to a landlord for meeting or exceeding performance metrics as specified in a contract with the Department of Defense. 
 “(10)  The term ‘ landlord ’ means an eligible entity that enters into, or has entered into, a contract as a partner with the Secretary concerned for the acquisition or construction of a housing unit under this subchapter. The term includes any agent of the eligible entity or any subsequent lessor who owns, manages, or is otherwise responsible for a housing unit. The term does not include an entity of the Federal Government.” 
 ; and 
 (4)  by  inserting  after paragraph (11), as redesignated by paragraph (2) of this subsection, the following new paragraph: “(12)  The term ‘ tenant ’ means a member of the armed forces, including a reserve component thereof in an active status, or a dependent of a member of the armed forces who resides at a housing unit, is a party to a lease for a housing unit, or is authorized to act on behalf of the member under this subchapter and subchapter V of this chapter in the event of the assignment or deployment of a member.” 
 . 
 
 (c)  Conforming Amendments to Existing Definitions .— Section 2871 of title 10, United States Code , is further amended in paragraphs (1), (3), and (5) by  striking  “ military ” before “ housing units ”.