SEC. 351.  MATERIEL READINESS METRICS AND OBJECTIVES. (a)  Annual Report on Major Weapons Systems Sustainment .— (1)  In general .— Chapter 2 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  inserting  after section 117 the following new section: “§ 118. 10 USC 118 .  Annual report on major weapons systems sustainment   “Not later than five days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to Congress the materials in support of the budget of the President for a fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual report on major weapons systems sustainment for the period covered by the future years defense program specified by section 221 of this title. Assessments.  Such report shall include— “(1)  an assessment of the materiel availability, materiel reliability, and mean down time metrics for each major weapons system; 133 STAT. 1320 
 “(2)  a detailed explanation of any factors that could preclude the Department of Defense or any of the military departments from meeting applicable readiness goals or objectives; and 
 “(3)  an assessment of the validity and effectiveness of the definitions used to determine defense readiness, including the terms ‘major weapons system’, ‘covered asset’, ‘total and required inventory’, ‘materiel and operational availability’, ‘materiel and operational capability’, ‘materiel and operational reliability’.” 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter 10 USC 111  prec.   is amended  by  inserting  after the item relating to section 117 the following new item: 
 
 “118.  
 Annual report on major weapons systems sustainment.”. 
 
 
 
 (b)  Assessment of Materiel Readiness and Weapons System Sustainment .— (1)  Deadline. Assessment required .— Not later than March 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall complete a comprehensive assessment of the materiel readiness and weapons systems sustainment of the Department of Defense across the Department organic industrial base and industry partners. 
 (2)  Contents .— The assessment required by paragraph (1) shall include— (A)  an assessment of the overall readiness strategy of the Department of Defense and the capability of such strategy to measure, track, and assess the readiness of major weapons systems; 
 (B)  an assessment of the use of objectives and metrics; 
 (C)  a description of applicable reporting requirements; and 
 (D)  applicable definitions and common usage of relevant terms, including the terms “major weapons system”, “covered asset”, “total and required inventory”, “materiel and operational availability”, “materiel and operational capability”, “materiel and operational reliability”, and “maintenance costs”. 
 
 (3)  Submission to congress .— The Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees— (A)  Briefing. Deadline. a briefing on the assessment required by paragraph (1) by not later than March 1, 2020; and 
 (B)  Reports. a final report on such assessment by not later than April 1, 2020.