SEC. 319.  ENERGY RESILIENCE PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES. (a)  Modification of Annual Energy Management and Resilience Report .— Section 2925(a) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in the subsection heading, by  inserting  “ and Readiness ” after “ Mission Assurance ”; 
 (2)  in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by  inserting  “ The Secretary shall ensure that mission operators of critical facilities provide to personnel of military installations any information necessary for the completion of such report. ” after “ by the Secretary. ”; 
 (3)  in paragraph (4), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ megawatts ” and  inserting  “ electric and thermal loads ”; and 
 (4)  in paragraph (5), by  striking  “ megawatts ” and  inserting  “ electric and thermal loads ”. 
 
 (b)  Funding for Energy Program Offices .— (1)  Reports. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of the military departments shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report stating whether the program offices specified in paragraph (2) are funded— (A)  at proper levels to ensure that the energy resilience requirements of the Department of Defense are met; and 
 (B)  at levels that are not less than in any previous fiscal year. 133 STAT. 1306 
 
 (2)  Program offices specified .— The program offices specified in this paragraph are the following: (A)  The Power Reliability Enhancement Program of the Army. 
 (B)  The Office of Energy Initiatives of the Army. 
 (C)  The Office of Energy Assurance of the Air Force. 
 (D)  The Resilient Energy Program Office of the Navy. 
 
 (3)  Funding plan .— (A)  Time period. Effective date. In general .— The Secretaries of the military departments shall include in the report submitted under paragraph (1) a funding plan for the next five fiscal years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act to ensure that funding levels are, at a minimum, maintained during that period. 
 (B)  Elements .— The funding plan under subparagraph (A) shall include, for each fiscal year covered by the plan, an identification of the amounts to be used for the accomplishment of energy resilience goals and objectives. 
 
 
 (c)  10 USC 2866 note . Establishment of Targets for Water Use .— The Secretary of Defense shall, where life-cycle cost-effective, improve water use efficiency and management by the Department of Defense, including storm water management, by— (1)  installing water meters and collecting and using water balance data of buildings and facilities to improve water conservation and management; 
 (2)  reducing industrial, landscaping, and agricultural water consumption in gallons by two percent annually through fiscal year 2030 relative to a baseline of such consumption by the Department in fiscal year 2010; and 
 (3)  installing appropriate sustainable infrastructure features on installations of the Department to help with storm water and wastewater management.