SEC. 338.  REPORT ON EFFORTS TO REDUCE HIGH ENERGY INTENSITY AT MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. (a)  Report .— 133 STAT. 1317 
 (1)  Report required .— Not later than September 1, 2020, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in conjunction with the assistant secretaries responsible for installations and environment for the military departments and the Defense Logistics Agency, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the efforts to achieve cost savings at military installations with high energy intensity. 
 (2)  Assessments. Elements .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: (A)  A comprehensive, installation-specific assessment of feasible and mission-appropriate energy initiatives supporting energy production and consumption at military installations with high energy intensity. 
 (B)  An assessment of current sources of energy in areas with high energy intensity and potential future sources that are technologically feasible, cost-effective, and mission-appropriate for military installations. 
 (C)  Strategy. A comprehensive implementation strategy to include required investment for feasible energy efficiency options determined to be the most beneficial and cost-effective, where appropriate, and consistent with priorities of the Department of Defense. 
 (D)  An explanation on how the military departments are working collaboratively in order to leverage lessons learned on potential energy efficiency solutions. 
 (E)  An assessment of the extent to which activities administered under the Federal Energy Management Program of the Department of Energy could be used to assist with the implementation strategy under subparagraph (C). 
 (F)  An assessment of State and local partnership opportunities that could achieve efficiency and cost savings, and any legislative authorities required to carry out such partnerships or agreements. 
 
 (3)  Coordination with state, local, and other entities .— In preparing the report required under paragraph (1), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment may work in conjunction and coordinate with the States containing areas of high energy intensity, local communities, and other Federal agencies. 
 
 (b)  Definition .— In this section, the term “ high energy intensity ” means costs for the provision of energy by kilowatt of electricity or British Thermal Unit of heat or steam for a military installation in the United States that is in the highest 20 percent of all military installations for a military department.