SEC. 3515.  ASSESSMENT AND REPORT ON STRATEGIC SEAPORTS. (a)  In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on port facilities used for military purposes at ports designated by the Department of Defense as strategic seaports. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include, with respect to port facilities included in the report, the following: (1)  An assessment of whether there are structural integrity or other deficiencies in such facilities. 
 (2)  If there are such deficiencies— (A)  an assessment of infrastructure improvements to such facilities that would be needed to meet, directly or indirectly, national security and readiness requirements; 
 (B)  an assessment of the impact on operational readiness of the Armed Forces if such improvements are not undertaken; and 
 (C)  an identification of, to the maximum extent practical, all potential funding sources for such improvements from existing authorities. 
 
 (3)  An identification of the support that would be appropriate for the Department of Defense to provide in the execution of the responsibilities of the Secretary of Transportation under  section 50302 of title 46, United States Code , with respect to such facilities. 
 (4)  Recommenda- tions. If additional statutory or administrative authorities would be required for the provision of support as described in paragraph (3), recommendations for legislative or administrative action to establish such authorities. 
 
 (c)  Consultation .— The Secretary of Defense shall prepare the report required by subsection (a) in consultation with the Maritime Administrator and the individual responsible for each port facility described in such subsection.