SEC. 3122.  42 USC 16539 . NATIONAL LABORATORY JOBS ACCESS PROGRAM. (a)  Effective date. Time period. Grants. In General .— On or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary may establish a program, to be known as the “Department of Energy National Lab Jobs ACCESS Program”, under which the Secretary may award, on a competitive basis, 5-year grants to eligible entities described in subsection (c) for the Federal share of the costs of pre-apprenticeship programs and apprenticeship programs described in subsection (b). 
 (b)  Pre-apprenticeship and Apprenticeship Programs Described .— A pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program described in this subsection is a pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program that— (1)  leads to recognized postsecondary credentials for secondary school and postsecondary students; 
 (2)  Consultation. is focused on skills and qualifications needed, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the directors of the National Laboratories, to meet the immediate and ongoing needs of traditional and emerging technician positions (including machinists and cybersecurity technicians) at the National Laboratories and covered facilities of the National Nuclear Security Administration; 
 (3)  Consultation. is established in consultation with a National Laboratory or covered facility of the National Nuclear Security Administration; 
 (4)  is registered with and approved by the Secretary of Labor or a State apprenticeship agency; and 
 (5)  ensures that participants in the pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program do not displace paid employees. 
 
 (c)  Eligible Entities Described .— An eligible entity described in this subsection is a workforce intermediary or an eligible sponsor of a pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program that— 133 STAT. 1954 (1)  demonstrates experience in implementing and providing career planning and career pathways toward pre-apprenticeship programs or apprenticeship programs; 
 (2) (A)  has a relationship with a National Laboratory or covered facility of the National Nuclear Security Administration; 
 (B)  has knowledge of the technician workforce needs of the laboratory or facility and the associated security requirements of the laboratory or facility; and 
 (C)  is eligible to enter into an agreement with the laboratory or facility that would be paid for in part or entirely from grant funds received under this section; 
 
 (3)  demonstrates the ability to recruit and support individuals who plan to work in relevant technician positions upon the successful completion of the pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program; 
 (4)  provides students who complete the pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program with, or prepares such students for obtaining, a recognized postsecondary credential; 
 (5)  uses related instruction that is specifically aligned with the needs of the laboratory or facility and utilizes workplace learning advisors and on-the-job training to the greatest extent possible; and 
 (6)  demonstrates successful outcomes connecting graduates of the pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program to careers relevant to the program. 
 
 (d)  Applications .— If the Secretary establishes the program described in subsection (a), an eligible entity described in subsection (c) seeking a grant under the program shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
 (e)  Priority .— In selecting eligible entities described in subsection (c) to receive grants under this section, the Secretary may prioritize an eligible entity that— (1)  is a member of an industry or sector partnership; 
 (2)  provides related instruction for a pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program through— (A)  a local educational agency, a secondary school, a provider of adult education, an area career and technical education school, or an institution of higher education (such as a community college) that includes basic science, technology, and mathematics education in the related instruction; or 
 (B)  an apprenticeship program that was registered with the Department of Labor or a State apprenticeship agency before the date on which the eligible entity applies for the grant under subsection (d); 
 
 (3)  works with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, or veterans organizations to transition members of the Armed Forces and veterans to pre-apprenticeship programs or apprenticeship programs in a relevant sector; 
 (4)  plans to use the grant to carry out the pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program with an entity that receives State funding or is operated by a State agency; and 
 (5)  plans to use the grant to carry out the pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program for— (A)  young adults ages 16 to 29, inclusive; or 133 STAT. 1955 
 (B)  individuals with barriers to employment. 
 
 
 (f)  Additional Consideration .— In making grants under this section, the Secretary may consider regional diversity. 
 (g)  Limitation on Applications .— An eligible entity described in subsection (c) may not submit, either individually or as part of a joint application, more than one application for a grant under this section during any one fiscal year. 
 (h)  Time period. Limitations on Amount of Grant .— The amount of a grant provided under this section may not, for any 24-month period of the 5-year grant period, exceed $500,000. 
 (i)  Non-Federal Share .— The non-Federal share of the cost of a pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program carried out using a grant under this section shall be not less than 25 percent of the total cost of the program. 
 (j)  Technical Assistance .— The Secretary may provide technical assistance to eligible entities described in subsection (c) to leverage the existing job training and education programs of the Department of Labor and other relevant programs at appropriate Federal agencies. 
 (k)  Report .— (1)  Public information. Web posting. In general .— If the Secretary establishes the program described in subsection (a), not less than once every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress, and make publicly available on the website of the Department of Energy, a report on the program, including— (A)  a description of— (i)  any entity that receives a grant under this section; 
 (ii)  any activity carried out using a grant under this section; and 
 (iii)  best practices used to leverage the investment of the Federal Government under this section; and 
 
 (B)  Assessment. an assessment of the results achieved by the program, including the rate of employment for participants after completing a pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program carried out using a grant under this section. 
 
 (2)  Performance reports .— Not later than one year after the establishment of a pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program using a grant awarded under this section, and annually thereafter, the entity carrying out the program shall submit to the Secretary and the Secretary of Labor a report on the effectiveness of the program based on the accountability measures described in clauses (i) and (ii) of section 116(b)(2)(A) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act ( 29 U.S.C. 3141(b)(2)(A) ). 
 
 (l)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  ESEA terms .— The terms “local educational agency” and “secondary school” have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7801 ). 
 (2)  WIOA terms .— The terms “career planning”, “community-based organization”, “customized training”, “economic development agency”, “individual with a barrier to employment”, “industry or sector partnership”, “on-the-job training”, “recognized postsecondary credential”, and “workplace learning advisor” have the meanings given such terms in section 3  133 STAT. 1956 
of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act ( 29 U.S.C. 3102 ). 
 (3)  Apprenticeship program .— The term “ apprenticeship program ” means a program registered under the Act of August 16, 1937 (commonly known as the “National Apprenticeship Act”;  50 Stat. 664, chapter 663 ;  29 U.S.C. 50 et seq. ). 
 (4)  Area career and technical education school .— The term “ area career and technical education school ” has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 ( 20 U.S.C. 2302 ). 
 (5)  Community college .— The term “ community college ” has the meaning given the term “ junior or community college ” in section 312(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1058(f) ). 
 (6)  Covered facility of the national nuclear security administration .— The term “ covered facility of the National Nuclear Security Administration ” means a national security laboratory or a nuclear weapons production facility as such terms are defined in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2501 ). 
 (7)  Eligible sponsor .— The term “ eligible sponsor ” means a public organization or nonprofit organization that— (A)  with respect to an apprenticeship program, administers the program through a partnership that may include— (i)  an industry or sector partnership; 
 (ii)  an employer or industry association; 
 (iii)  a labor-management organization; 
 (iv)  a local workforce development board or State workforce development board; 
 (v)  a 2- or 4-year institution of higher education that offers an educational program leading to an associate’s or bachelor’s degree in conjunction with a certificate of completion of apprenticeship; 
 (vi)  the Armed Forces (including the National Guard and Reserves); 
 (vii)  a community-based organization; or 
 (viii)  an economic development agency; and 
 
 (B)  with respect to a pre-apprenticeship program, is a local educational agency, a secondary school, an area career and technical education school, a provider of adult education, a State workforce development board, a local workforce development board, or a community-based organization, that administers the program with any required coordination and necessary approvals from the Secretary of Labor or a State department of labor. 
 
 (8)  Institution of higher education .— The term “ institution of higher education ” has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 ). 
 (9)  Local workforce development board .— The term “ local workforce development board ” has the meaning given the term “ local board ” in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act ( 29 U.S.C. 3102 ). 
 (10)  National laboratory .— The term “ National Laboratory ” has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( 42 U.S.C. 15801 ). 133 STAT. 1957 
 (11)  Nonprofit organization .— The term “ nonprofit organization ” means an organization that is described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. 
 (12)  Pre-apprenticeship program .— The term “ pre-apprenticeship program ” means a program— (A)  designed to prepare individuals to enter and succeed in an apprenticeship program; and 
 (B)  that has a documented partnership with at least one, if not more, apprenticeship programs. 
 
 (13)  Provider of adult education .— The term “ provider of adult education ” has the meaning given the term “ eligible provider ” in section 203 of the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act ( 29 U.S.C. 3272 ). 
 (14)  Related instruction .— The term “ related instruction ” means an organized and systematic form of instruction designed to provide an individual in a pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program with the knowledge of the technical subjects related to the intended occupation of the individual after completion of the program. 
 (15)  Secretary .— The term “ Secretary ” means the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, except as otherwise specified in this section. 
 (16)  Sponsor .— The term “ sponsor ” means any person, association, committee, or organization operating a pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program and in whose name the program is (or is to be) registered or approved. 
 (17)  State apprenticeship agency .— The term “ State apprenticeship agency ” has the meaning given that term in  section 29.2 of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations  (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). 
 (18)  State workforce development board .— The term “ State workforce development board ” has the meaning given the term “ State board ” in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act ( 29 U.S.C. 3102 ). 
 (19)  Workforce intermediary .— The term “ workforce intermediary ”— (A)  means a nonprofit organization that— (i)  proactively addresses workforce needs using a dual customer approach, which considers the needs of both employees and employers; and 
 (ii)  has partnered with a sponsor of a pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program or is a sponsor of a pre-apprenticeship program or apprenticeship program; and 
 
 (B)  may include a community organization, an employer organization, a community college, a temporary staffing agency, a State workforce development board, a local workforce development board, or a labor or labor-management organization. 133 STAT. 1958