SEC. 3563.  HUMAN TRAFFICKING IN THE SEAFOOD SUPPLY CHAIN REPORT. (a)  In General .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this title, the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall jointly submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives that describes the existence of human trafficking, including forced labor, in the supply chains of seafood products imported into the United States. 133 STAT. 2010 
 (b)  Report Elements .— The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1)  List. Assessment. a list of the countries at risk for human trafficking, including forced labor, in their seafood catching and processing industries, and an assessment of such risk for each listed country; 
 (2)  a description of the quantity and economic value of seafood products imported into the United States from the countries on the list compiled pursuant to paragraph (1); 
 (3)  Assessment. a description and assessment of the methods, if any, in the countries on the list compiled pursuant to paragraph (1) to trace and account for the manner in which seafood is caught; 
 (4)  a description of domestic and international enforcement mechanisms to deter illegal practices in the catching of seafood in the countries on the list compiled pursuant to paragraph (1); and 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. such recommendations as the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration jointly consider appropriate for administrative action to enhance and improve actions against human trafficking, including forced labor, in the catching and processing of seafood products outside of United States waters.