SEC. 325.  REAL-TIME SOUND-MONITORING AT NAVY INSTALLATIONS WHERE TACTICAL FIGHTER AIRCRAFT OPERATE. (a)  Monitoring .— The Secretary of the Navy shall conduct real-time sound-monitoring at no fewer than two Navy installations and their associated outlying landing fields on the west coast of the United States where Navy combat coded F/A–18, E/A–18G, or F–35 aircraft are based and operate and noise contours have been developed through noise modeling. Sound monitoring under such study shall be conducted— (1)  Time period. during times of high, medium, and low activity over the course of a 12-month period; and 
 (2)  along and in the vicinity of flight paths used to approach and depart the selected installations and their outlying landing fields. 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Plan for Additional Monitoring .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for real-time sound monitoring described in subsection (a) in the vicinity of training areas predominantly overflown by tactical fighter aircraft from the selected installations and outlying landing fields, including training areas that consist of real property administered by the Federal Government (including Department of Defense, Department of Interior, and Department of Agriculture), State and local governments, and privately owned land with the permission of the owner. 
 (c)  Report Required .— Not later than December 1, 2020, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the monitoring required under subsection (a). Such report shall include— (1)  the results of such monitoring; 
 (2)  a comparison of such monitoring and the noise contours previously developed with the analysis and modeling methods previously used; 
 (3)  an overview of any changes to the analysis and modeling process that have been made or are being considered as a result of the findings of such monitoring; and 
 (4)  any other matters that the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (d)  Web posting. Public Availability of Monitoring Results .— The Secretary shall make the results of the monitoring required under subsection (a) publicly available on a website of the Department of Defense.