SEC. 3052.  10 USC 2821 note . TOOL FOR ASSESSMENT OF HAZARDS IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HOUSING. (a)  Hazard Assessment Tool .— (1)  Deadline. Development required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop an assessment tool, such as a rating system or similar mechanism, to identify and measure health and safety hazards in housing under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense (including privatized military housing). 
 (2)  Components .— The assessment tool shall provide for the identification and measurement of the following hazards: (A)  Physiological hazards, including dampness and mold growth, lead-based paint, asbestos and manmade fibers, radiation, biocides, carbon monoxide, and volatile organic compounds. 
 (B)  Psychological hazards, including ease of access by unlawful intruders, and lighting issues. 
 (C)  Infection hazards. 
 (D)  Safety hazards. 
 
 (3)  Public forums .— In developing the assessment tool, the Secretary of Defense shall provide for multiple public forums at which the Secretary may receive input with respect to such assessment tool from occupants of housing under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense (including privatized military housing). 
 (4)  Report .— Not later than 210 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the assessment tool. 
 
 (b)  Hazard Assessments .— 133 STAT. 1943 
 (1)  Deadline. Assessments required .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, using the assessment tool developed under subsection (a)(1), shall complete a hazard assessment for each housing facility under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense (including privatized military housing). 
 (2)  Summary. Tenant information .— As soon as practicable after the completion of the hazard assessment conducted for a housing facility under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall provide to each individual who leases or is assigned to a housing unit in the facility a summary of the results of the assessment.