SEC. 3036.  MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO MAKE PAYMENTS TO LESSORS OF PRIVATIZED MILITARY HOUSING. (a)  Modification of Payment Authority .— Subsection (a) of section 606 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ;  132 Stat. 1795 ;  10 U.S.C. 2871 note )  is amended  to read as follows: “(a)  Use of Funds in Connection With MHPI .— “(1)  Payments to lessors generally .— “(A)  Effective date. Payment authority .— Each month beginning with the first month after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020, each Secretary of a military department shall use funds, in an amount determined under subparagraph (B), to make payments to lessors of covered housing in the manner provided by this subsection, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020. 
 “(B)  Determination. Calculation of monthly payments .— For purposes of making payments under subparagraph (A) for a month, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall determine the amount equal to 2.5 percent of the aggregate of the amounts calculated under  section 403(b)(3)(A)(i) of title 37, United States Code , for covered housing under the jurisdiction of the Secretary for that month. 
 
 “(2)  Additional payments to lessors responsible for underfunded projects .— “(A)  Effective date. Payment authority .— Each month beginning with the first month after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020, each Secretary of a military department shall use funds, in an amount determined under subparagraph (B), to make additional payments to certain lessors responsible for underfunded MHPI housing projects identified pursuant to subparagraph (C) for the purposes of future sustainment, recapitalization, and financial sustainability of the projects. 
 “(B)  Determination. Calculation of monthly payments .— For purposes of making payments under subparagraph (A) for a month, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall determine the amount equal to 2.5 percent of the aggregate of the amounts calculated under  section 403(b)(3)(A)(i) of title 37, United States Code , for covered housing under the jurisdiction of the Secretary for that month. 
 “(C)  Assessment. Identification of underfunded projects .— The Chief Housing Officer of the Department of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall assess MHPI housing projects for the purpose of identifying all MHPI housing projects that are underfunded. Once identified, the Chief Housing Officer shall prioritize for payments under subparagraph (A) those MHPI housing projects most in need of funding to rectify such underfunding. 133 STAT. 1939 
 
 “(3)  Alternative authority in event of lack of underfunded projects .— “(A)  Determination. Consultation. In general .— Subject to subparagraph (B), if the Chief Housing Officer determines that no MHPI housing projects for a military department require additional funding under paragraph (2) for a month, the Secretary of the military department concerned, in consultation with the Chief Housing Officer, may allocate the funds otherwise available to the Secretary under such paragraph for that month to support improvements designed to enhance the quality of life of members of the uniformed services and their families who reside in MHPI housing. 
 “(B)  Certification. Conditions .— Before the Secretary of a military department may allocate funds as authorized by subparagraph (A), the Chief Housing Officer shall certify to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives that there are no MHPI housing projects for the military department require additional funding under paragraph (2). The certification shall include sufficient details to show why no projects are determined to need the additional funds. 
 
 “(4)  Deadline. Briefing required .— Not later than March 1, 2020, and each year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives detailing the expenditure of funds under paragraphs (2) and (3), the MHPI housing projects receiving funds under such paragraphs, and any other information the Secretary considers relevant.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  10 USC 2871 note . Effective Date .— The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to months beginning after that date.