SEC. 3554.  16 USC 8034 . GULF OF MEXICO IUU FISHING SUBWORKING GROUP. (a)  Deadline. Coordination. Establishment. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this title, the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, in coordination with the Commandant of the Coast Guard and the Secretary of State, shall establish a subworking group to address IUU fishing in the exclusive economic zone of the United States in the Gulf of Mexico. 
 (b)  Functions .— The subworking group established under subsection (a) shall identify— (1)  Time period. Federal actions taken and policies established during the 5-year period immediately preceding the date of the enactment of this title with respect to IUU fishing in the exclusive economic zone of the United States in the Gulf of Mexico, including such actions and policies related to— (A)  the surveillance, interdiction, and prosecution of any foreign nationals engaged in such fishing; and 133 STAT. 2009 
 (B)  the application of the provisions of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act ( 16 U.S.C. 1826d et seq. ) to any relevant nation, including the status of any past or ongoing consultations and certification procedures; 
 
 (2)  actions and policies, in addition to the actions and policies described in paragraph (1), each of the Federal agencies described in subsection (a) can take, using existing resources, to combat IUU fishing in the exclusive economic zone of the United States in the Gulf of Mexico; and 
 (3)  any additional authorities that could assist each such agency in more effectively addressing such IUU fishing. 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than 1 year after the IUU Fishing Subworking Group is established under subsection (a), the group shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives that contains— (1)  the findings identified pursuant to subsection (b); and 
 (2)  Timeline. a timeline for each of the Federal agencies described in subsection (a) to implement each action or policy identified pursuant to subsection (b)(2).