SEC. 5601.  DEFINITIONS.   In this title: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and 
 (B)  the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. 
 
 (2)  Domestic terrorism .— The term “ domestic terrorism ” has the meaning given that term in  section 2331 of title 18, United States Code . 
 (3)  Hate crime .— The term “ hate crime ” means a criminal offense under— (A)  sections 241, 245, 247, and 249 of  title 18, United States Code ; and 
 (B)  section 3631 of title 42, United States Code . 133 STAT. 2154 
 
 (4)  International terrorism .— The term “ international terrorism ” has the meaning given that term in  section 2331 of title 18, United States Code . 
 (5)  Terms in attorney general’s guidelines for domestic fbi operations .— The terms “assessments”, “full investigations”, “enterprise investigations”, “predicated investigations”, and “preliminary investigations” have the meanings given those terms in the most recent, approved version of the Attorney General’s Guidelines for Domestic FBI Operations (or successor). 
 (6)  Terms in fbi budget materials .— The terms “Consolidated Strategy Guide”, “Field Office Strategic Plan”, “Integrated Program Management Process”, and “Threat Review and Prioritization” have the meanings given those terms in the materials submitted to Congress by the Attorney General in support of the Federal Bureau of Investigation budget for fiscal year 2020. 
 (7)  Terrorism .— The term “ terrorism ” includes domestic terrorism and international terrorism. 
 (8)  Terrorism information .— The term “ terrorism information ” has the meaning given that term in section 1016(a) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 ( 6 U.S.C. 485 ). 
 (9)  Time utilization and recordkeeping data .— The term “ time utilization and recordkeeping data ” means data collected on resource utilization and workload activity of personnel of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in accordance with Federal law.