SEC. 510A.  10 USC 525 note . AVAILABILITY ON THE INTERNET OF CERTAIN INFORMATION ABOUT OFFICERS SERVING IN GENERAL OR FLAG OFFICER GRADES. (a)  Availability Required .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of each military department shall make available on an internet website of such department available to the public information specified in paragraph (2) on each officer in a general or flag officer grade under the jurisdiction of such Secretary, including any such officer on the reserve active-status list. 
 (2)  Information .— The information on an officer specified by this paragraph to be made available pursuant to paragraph (1) is the information as follows: (A)  The officer’s name. 
 (B)  The officer’s current grade, duty position, command or organization, and location of assignment. 133 STAT. 1348 
 (C)  Summary list. A summary list of the officer’s past duty assignments while serving in a general or flag officer grade. 
 
 
 (b)  Additional Public Notice on Certain Officers .— Whenever an officer in a grade of O–7 or above is assigned to a new billet or reassigned from a current billet, the Secretary of the military department having jurisdiction of such officer shall make available on an internet website of such department available to the public a notice of such assignment or reassignment. 
 (c)  Limitation on Withholding of Certain Information or Notice .— (1)  Limitation .— The Secretary of a military department may not withhold the information or notice specified in subsections (a) and (b) from public availability pursuant to subsection (a), unless and until the Secretary notifies the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives in writing of the information or notice that will be so withheld, together with justification for withholding the information or notice from public availability. 
 (2)  Limited duration of withholding .— The Secretary concerned may withhold from the public under paragraph (1) information or notice on an officer only on the basis of individual risk or national security, and may continue to withhold such information or notice only for so long as the basis for withholding remains in force.