SEC. 5335.  REPORT ON CLEARED WHISTLEBLOWER ATTORNEYS. (a)  Coordination. Report Required .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall, in coordination with the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community and the Intelligence Community Inspectors General Forum, submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on access to cleared attorneys by whistleblowers in the intelligence community. 
 (b)  Time period. Contents .— The report submitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include the following with respect to the 3-year period preceding the date of the report: 133 STAT. 2142 
 (1)  The number of whistleblowers in the intelligence community who requested, through formal submission or verbal request, to retain a cleared attorney and at what stage they requested an attorney. 
 (2)  The number of such limited security agreements approved, rejected, or pending. 
 (3)  The scope and clearance levels of such limited security agreements. 
 (4)  The number of such whistleblowers represented by cleared counsel. 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for legislative or administrative action to ensure that whistleblowers in the intelligence community have access to cleared attorneys, including improvements to the limited security agreement process and such other options as the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community considers appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Survey .— The Inspector General of the Intelligence Community shall ensure that the report submitted under subsection (a) is based on— (1)  data from a survey of whistleblowers whose identity may be shared, as appropriate, with the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community by means of the system established pursuant to section 5334; 
 (2)  information obtained from the inspectors general of the intelligence community; or 
 (3)  information from such other sources as may be identified by the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community.