SEC. 520B.  REPORT AND BRIEFING ON THE SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS. (a)  Assessments. Report on Various Expansions of the Corps .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the following: (1)  An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of distance learning programs for the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps for students at educational institutions who reside outside the viable range for a cross-town program. 
 (2)  An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of expanding the eligibility of institutions authorized to maintain a unit of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps to include community colleges. 
 
 (b)  Briefing on Long-term Effects on the Corps of the Operation of Certain Recent Prohibitions .— (1)  Deadline. Briefing required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the congressional defense committees on the effects of the prohibitions in section 8032 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019 ( division A of Public Law 115–245 ) on the long-term viability of the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
 (2)  Assessments. Elements .— The matters addressed by the briefing under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the effects of the prohibitions described in paragraph (1) on the following: (A)  Readiness. 
 (B)  The efficient manning and administration of Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps units. 
 (C)  The ability of the Armed Forces to commission on a yearly basis the number and quality of new officers they need and that are representative of the nation as a whole. 
 (D)  The availability of Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps scholarships in rural areas. 
 (E)  Whether the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program produces officers representative of the demographic and geographic diversity of the United States, especially with respect to urban areas, and whether restrictions on establishing or disestablishing units of the Corps affects the diversity of the officer corps of the Armed Forces. 133 STAT. 1353