SEC. 580.  IMPROVEMENTS TO CHILD CARE FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. (a)  Clarifying Technical Amendment to Direct Hire Authority of the Department of Defense for Child Care Services Providers for Department Child Development Centers .— Section 559(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ;  10 U.S.C. 1792 note )  is amended  by  inserting  “ (including family childcare coordinator services and school age childcare coordinator services) ” after “ childcare services ”. 
 (b)  Assessment of Financial Assistance Provided to Civilian Child Care Providers .— (1)  Assessment .— The Secretary of Defense shall assess the maximum amount of financial assistance provided to eligible civilian providers of child care services or youth program services that furnish such service for members of the armed forces and employees of the United States under  section 1798 of title 10, United States Code . Such assessment shall include the following: (A)  Determination. The determination of the Secretary whether the maximum allowable financial assistance should be standardized across the Armed Forces. 
 (B)  Whether the maximum allowable amount adequately accounts for high-cost duty stations. 
 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than June 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives regarding the results of the assessment under paragraph (1) and any actions taken by the Secretary to remedy identified shortfalls in assistance described in that paragraph. 
 
 (c)  10 USC 1791 note . Reduction in Wait Lists for Child Care at Military Installations .— (1)  Remedial action .— The Secretary of Defense shall take steps the Secretary determines necessary to reduce the waiting lists for child care at military installations to ensure that members of the Armed Forces have meaningful access to child care during tours of duty. 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than June 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a report to the Committees on Armed Forces of the Senate and the House of Representative regarding— (A)  action taken under paragraph (1); and 
 (B)  any additional resources (including additional funding for and child care facilities and workers) the Secretary determines necessary to increase access described in paragraph (1). 
 
 
 (d)  GAO Review .— The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the assessments, actions, and determinations of the Secretary under subsections (b)(1) and (c). Not later Deadline.  than December 1, 2020, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and  133 STAT. 1408 
the House of Representatives a report regarding the review performed under this subsection. 
 (e)  Assessment of Accessibility of Websites of the Department of Defense Related to Child Care and Spousal Employment .— (1)  Assessment .— The Secretary of Defense shall review the functions and accessibility of websites of the Department of Defense designed for members of the Armed Forces and the families of such members to access information and services offered by the Department regarding child care, spousal employment, and other family matters. 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than March 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives regarding the results of the assessment under paragraph (1) and actions taken to enhance accessibility of the websites. 
 
 (f)  Deadline. 10 USC 1792 note . Portability of Background Investigations for Child Care Providers .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the background investigation and training certification for a child care provider employed by the Department of Defense in a facility of the Department may be transferred to another facility of the Department, without regard to which Secretary of a military department has jurisdiction over either such facility.