SEC. 540I.  10 USC 810 note . ASSESSMENT OF RACIAL, ETHNIC, AND GENDER DISPARITIES IN THE MILITARY JUSTICE SYSTEM. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide for the carrying out of the activities described in subsections (b) and (c) in order to improve the ability of the Department of Defense to detect and address racial, ethnic, and gender disparities in the military justice system. 
 (b)  Deadlines. Secretary of Defense and Related Activities .— The activities described in this subsection are the following, to be commenced or carried out (as applicable) by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act: (1)  For each court-martial conducted by an Armed Force after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall require the head of the Armed Force concerned— (A)  to record the race, ethnicity, and gender of the victim and the accused, and such other demographic information about the victim and the accused as the Secretary considers appropriate; 
 (B)  to include data based on the information described in subparagraph (A) in the annual military justice reports of the Armed Force. 
 
 (2)  Consultation. Guidance. The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall issue guidance that— 133 STAT. 1370 
 (A)  Criteria. establishes criteria to determine when data indicating possible racial, ethnic, or gender disparities in the military justice process should be further reviewed; and 
 (B)  describes how such a review should be conducted. 
 
 (3)  Consultation. The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall— (A)  Evaluation. conduct an evaluation to identify the causes of any racial, ethnic, or gender disparities identified in the military justice system; 
 (B)  take steps to address the causes of any such disparities, as appropriate. 
 
 
 (c)  DAC–IPAD Activities .— (1)  Reviews. Assessments. In general .— The activities described in this subsection are the following, to be conducted by the independent committee DAC–IPAD: (A)  A review and assessment, by fiscal year, of the race and ethnicity of members of the Armed Forces accused of a penetrative sexual assault offense or contact sexual assault offense in an unrestricted report made pursuant to Department of Defense Instruction 6495.02, including an unrestricted report involving a spouse or intimate partner, in all cases completed in each fiscal year assessed. 
 (B)  A review and assessment, by fiscal year, of the race and ethnicity of members of the Armed Forces against whom charges were preferred pursuant to Rule for Courts-Martial 307 for a penetrative sexual assault offense or contact sexual assault offense in all cases completed in each fiscal year assessed. 
 (C)  A review and assessment, by fiscal year, of the race and ethnicity of members of the Armed Forces who were convicted of a penetrative sexual assault offense or contact sexual assault offense in all cases completed in each fiscal year assessed. 
 
 (2)  Information from federal agencies .— (A)  In general .— Upon request by the chair of the committee, a department or agency of the Federal Government shall provide information that the committee considers necessary to conduct reviews and assessments required by paragraph (1), including military criminal investigation files, charge sheets, records of trial, and personnel records. 
 (B)  Records. Handling, storage, and return .— The committee shall handle and store all records received and reviewed under this subsection in accordance with applicable privacy laws and Department of Defense policy, and shall return all records so received in a timely manner. 
 
 (3)  Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the committee shall submit to the Secretary of Defense, and to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, a report setting forth the results of the reviews and assessments required by paragraph (1). Recommenda- tions.  The report shall include such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the committee considers appropriate in light of such results. 
 (4)  Definitions .— In this subsection: 133 STAT. 1371 (A)  The term “ independent committee DAC–IPAD ” means the independent committee established by the Secretary of Defense under section 546 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. “Buck” McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ;  128 Stat. 3374 ), commonly known as the “DAC-IPAD”. 
 (B)  The term “ case ” means an unrestricted report of any penetrative sexual assault offense or contact sexual assault offense made against a member of the Armed Forces pursuant to Department of Defense Instruction 6495.02, including any unrestricted report involving a spouses or intimate partner for which an investigation has been opened by a criminal investigative organization. 
 (C)  The term “ completed ”, with respect to a case, means that the case was tried to verdict, dismissed without further action, or dismissed and then resolved by non-judicial or administrative proceedings. 
 (D)  The term “ contact sexual assault offense ” means aggravated sexual contact, abusive sexual contact, wrongful sexual contact, and attempts to commit such offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. 
 (E)  The term “ penetrative sexual assault offense ” means rape, aggravated sexual assault, sexual assault, forcible sodomy, and attempts to commit such offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.