SEC. 570G.  10 USC 1144 note . PILOT PROGRAM REGARDING ONLINE APPLICATION FOR THE TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. (a)  Establishment .— The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Labor may jointly carry out a pilot program that creates a one-stop source for online applications for the purposes of assisting members of the Armed Forces and Veterans participating in the Transition Assistance Program (in this section referred to as “TAP”). 
 (b)  Data Sources .— If the Secretaries carry out the pilot program, any online application developed under such program shall, in part, aggregate existing data from government resources and the private sector under one uniform resource locator for the purpose of assisting members of the Armed Forces and veterans participating in TAP. 
 (c)  Availability; Accessibility .— Any online application developed under a pilot program shall, to the extent feasible be— (1)  widely available as a mobile application; and 
 (2)  easily accessible by veterans, members of the Armed Forces, and employers. 133 STAT. 1403 
 
 (d)  Deadlines. Assessments .— (1)  Interim assessments .— Not later than the dates that are one and two years after the date of the commencement of any pilot program under this section, the Secretaries shall jointly assess the pilot program. 
 (2)  Final assessment .— Not later than the date that is three years after the date of the commencement of any pilot program under this section, the Secretaries shall jointly carry out a final assessment of the pilot program. 
 (3)  Purpose .— The general objective of each assessment under this subsection shall be to determine if the online application under the pilot program helps participants in TAP to accomplish the goals of TAP, accounting for the individual profiles of participants, including military experience and geographic location. 
 
 (e)  Briefing .— If the Secretaries carry out the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing on findings regarding the pilot program, including any recommendations for legislation. 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ mobile application ” means a software program that runs on the operating system of a mobile device. 
 (2)  The term “ mobile device ” means a smartphone, tablet computer, or similar portable computing device that transmits data over a wireless connection.