SEC. 560B.  10 USC 2015 note . PROGRAMS TO FACILITATE THE AWARD OF PRIVATE PILOT’S CERTIFICATES. (a)  Programs Authorized .— Each Secretary of a military department may carry out a program under which qualified participants may obtain a private pilot’s certificate through an institution of higher education with an accredited aviation program that is approved by such Secretary pursuant to subsection (c). 
 (b)  Participant Qualifications and Types of Assistance .— (1)  In general .— In carrying out a program under subsection (a), the Secretary of a military department shall prescribe— (A)  the standards to be met for participation in the program; and 133 STAT. 1394 
 (B)  the types of assistance, if any, to be provided to individuals who participate in the program. 
 
 (2)  Uniformity across military departments .— To the extent practicable, the standards and types of assistance prescribed under paragraph (1) shall be uniform across the military departments. 
 
 (c)  Approved Institutions of Higher Education .— (1)  List. In general .— In carrying out a program under subsection (a), the Secretary of a military department shall maintain a list of institutions of higher education (as that term is defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 )) through which an individual participating in the program may obtain a private pilot’s certificate. 
 (2)  Qualifications and standards .— Any institution of higher education included on a list under paragraph (1), and any course of instruction toward obtaining a private pilot’s certificate offered by such institution, shall meet such qualifications and standards as the Secretary shall prescribe for purposes of the program. Requirement.  Such qualifications and standards shall include a requirement that any institution included on the list award, to individual participating in the program, academic credit at such institution for any portion of course work completed on the ground school course of instruction of such institution in connection with obtaining a private pilot’s certificate, regardless of whether the participant fully completed the ground school course of instruction. 
 
 (d)  Annual Reports on Programs .— (1)  In general .— Not later than February 28, 2021, and each year thereafter, each Secretary of a military department shall submit to Congress a report on the program, if any, carried out by such Secretary under subsection (a) during the preceding calendar year. 
 (2)  Elements .— Each report under paragraph (1) shall include, for the program and year covered by such report, the following: (A)  The total number of participants in the program. 
 (B)  The number of private pilot’s certificates awarded to participants in the program. 
 (C)  The number of participants in the program who fully completed a ground school course of instruction in connection with obtaining a private pilot’s certificate.