SEC. 5716.  REPORT CONTAINING THREAT ASSESSMENT ON TERRORIST USE OF CONVENTIONAL AND ADVANCED CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS. (a)  Time period. Coordination. Report Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for a period of 4 years, the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis, in coordination with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall develop and submit to the entities in accordance with subsection (b) a report containing a threat assessment regarding the availability of conventional weapons, including conventional weapons lacking serial numbers, and advanced conventional weapons, for use in furthering acts of terrorism, including the provision of material support or resources  133 STAT. 2174 
to a foreign terrorist organization and to individuals or groups supporting or engaging in domestic terrorism. 
 (b)  Dissemination of Report .— Consistent with the protection of classified and confidential unclassified information, the Under Secretary shall— (1)  submit the initial report required under subsection (a) to Federal, State, local, and Tribal law enforcement officials, including officials who operate within State, local, and regional fusion centers under the Department of Homeland Security State, Local, and Regional Fusion Center Initiative established by section 210A of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 124h ); and 
 (2)  submit each report required under subsection (a) to the appropriate congressional committees. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and 
 (B)  the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. 
 
 (2)  Domestic terrorism .— The term “ domestic terrorism ” has the meaning given that term in  section 2331 of title 18, United States Code . 
 (3)  Foreign terrorist organization .— The term “ foreign terrorist organization ” means an organization designated as a foreign terrorist organization under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 ).