SEC. 5703.  50 USC 3334c note . STUDY ON ROLE OF RETIRED AND FORMER PERSONNEL OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE OPERATIONS. (a)  Study .— The Director of National Intelligence shall conduct a study on former intelligence personnel providing covered intelligence assistance. 
 (b)  Elements .— The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An identification of, and discussion of the effectiveness of, existing laws, policies, procedures, and other measures relevant to the ability of elements of the intelligence community to prevent former intelligence personnel from providing covered intelligence assistance— (A)  without proper authorization; or 
 (B)  in a manner that would violate legal or policy controls if the personnel performed such assistance while working for the United States Government; and 
 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. Make recommendations for such legislative, regulatory, policy, or other changes as may be necessary to ensure that the United States consistently meets the objectives described in paragraph (1). 
 
 (c)  Report and Plan .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives— (1)  a report on the findings of the Director with respect to each element of the study under subsection (a); and 
 (2)  a plan to implement any recommendations made by the Director that the Director may implement without changes to Federal law. 
 
 (d)  Classified information. Form .— The report and plan under subsection (c) may be submitted in classified form. 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Covered intelligence assistance .— The term “ covered intelligence assistance ” means assistance— (A)  provided by former intelligence personnel directly to, or for the benefit of, the government of a foreign country or indirectly to, or for the benefit of, such a government through a company or other entity; and 
 (B)  that relates to intelligence, military, or law enforcement activities of a foreign country, including with respect to operations that involve abuses of human rights, violations of the laws of the United States, or infringements on the privacy rights of United States persons. 
 
 (2)  Former intelligence personnel .— The term “ former intelligence personnel ” means retired or former personnel of the intelligence community, including civilian employees of elements of the intelligence community, members of the Armed Forces, and contractors of elements of the intelligence community.