SEC. 595.  REPORT ON OVERSIGHT OF AUTHORIZED STRENGTHS OF CERTAIN GRADES OF COMMISSIONED REGULAR AND RESERVE OFFICERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. (a)  Report Required .— Not later than April 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on oversight of the authorized strengths of commissioned regular officers of the Armed Forces and commissioned reserve officers of the Armed Forces in the grades as follows: (1)  The grades of major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel in the Army, the Air Force, and the Marine Corps. 
 (2)  The grades of lieutenant commander, commander, and captain in the Navy. 
 
 (b)  Recommenda- tions. Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Assessments. Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate on mechanisms to improve Department of Defense oversight, and oversight by Congress, of the authorized strengths of commissioned officers in the grades specified in subsection (a), including the following: (A)  Analysis. An analysis of the history of each military department in complying with the authorized strengths and strengths in grade specified in sections 523 and 12005 of  title 10, United States Code , including a description of— (i)  the number of officers in each grade and Armed Force concerned as of the end of each fiscal year between fiscal year 2010 and fiscal year 2019; and 
 (ii)  the number of officers authorized for such grade and Armed Force as of the end of such fiscal year under the applicable section. 
 
 (B)  An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of submitting to Congress each year a request for an authorization for officers serving in the grades currently covered by the tables in  section 523 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (C)  An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of submitting to Congress each year a proposal for legislation to update the tables in such section. 
 (D)  An assessment of the advisability of converting the authorization for end strengths for regular officers in the grades specified in subsection (a) to a percentage-based approach like that currently utilized for reserve officers in  section 12005 of title 10, United States Code . 133 STAT. 1417 
 
 (2)  Such other recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate to improve the effectiveness of the oversight by Congress of the number of commissioned regular and reserve officers of the Armed Forces in the grades specified in subsection (a).