SEC. 5334.  50 USC 3033 note . OVERSIGHT BY INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY OVER INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY WHISTLEBLOWER MATTERS. (a)  Deadline. Consultation. System for Notification of Information Relating to Complaints by Whistleblowers Within the Intelligence Community .— Subject to subsection (b), not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, in consultation with the Intelligence Community Inspectors General Forum, shall establish a system whereby the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community is notified in near real time of the following: (1)  Submission of complaints by whistleblowers to inspectors general of elements of the intelligence community relating to the programs and activities under the jurisdiction of the Director of National Intelligence, and information related to such complaints. 
 (2)  Actions taken by an inspector general of an element of the Intelligence Community relating to such complaints. 
 
 (b)  Policies for Implementation .— (1)  Consultation. In general .— The system established under subsection (a) may not be implemented until the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, in consultation with the Intelligence Community Inspectors General Forum, has developed and released to each of the inspectors general of the elements of the intelligence community written policies regarding the implementation of such subsection. 
 (2)  Requirements .— The policies required by paragraph (1) shall— (A)  protect the privacy of whistleblowers, including by preventing dissemination without the consent of the whistleblower, of any information submitted previously by a whistleblower to an inspector general of an element of the intelligence community; and 
 (B)  Compliance. ensure compliance with the requirements of subsection (a), while— (i)  ensuring that the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community can oversee whistleblower policies and practices and identify matters that, in the judgment of the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, may be the subject of an investigation, inspection, audit, or review by the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community; and 
 (ii)  avoiding the imposition of inappropriate resource burdens on inspectors general of elements of the intelligence community.