SEC. 596.  REPORT ON CERTAIN WAIVERS. (a)  In General .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter during the two subsequent calendar years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report identifying, with respect to the reporting period for such report, and disaggregated by Armed Force, the following: (1)  Accession and commission .— (A)  Effective date. The number of individuals who were processed by a Secretary of a military department for a medical accession or commissioning qualification determination on or after April 12, 2019. 
 (B)  Of the individuals described in subparagraph (A), the number of such individuals who were found medically disqualified pursuant to the standards established in DTM–19–004 regarding enlistment in or commission as an officer of an Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of a military department. 
 (C)  Of the individuals described in subparagraph (A), the number of such individuals— (i)  described in section I.b.(1), 1.b(2), 1.b(3), or II.b.(1) of attachment 3 to DTM–19–004; and 
 (ii)  who did not require a waiver or exception to standards described in subparagraph (B). 
 
 (D)  Of the individuals described in subparagraph (C), the number of such individuals who enlisted or were commissioned. 
 (E)  Of the individuals described in subparagraph (B), the number of such individuals who were considered for a waiver or exception to standards described in subparagraph (B). 
 (F)  Of the individuals described in subparagraph (E), the number of such individuals who were denied such a waiver or exception. 
 (G)  Of the individuals described in subparagraph (E), the number of such individuals who received such a waiver or exception. 
 (H)  Of the individuals described in subparagraph (G), the number of such individuals who enlisted or were commissioned. 
 
 (2)  Retention .— (A)  Effective date. The number of members of each Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of a military department who received a diagnosis of gender dysphoria on or after April 12, 2019. 
 (B)  Of the members described in subparagraph (A), the number of members who were— (i)  referred to the Disability Evaluation System; or 133 STAT. 1418 
 (ii)  subject to processing for administrative separation based on conditions and circumstances not constituting a physical disability that interfered with assignment to or performance of duty. 
 
 (C)  Of the members described in subparagraph (A), the number of members who were subsequently considered for a waiver or exception to standards established in DTM–19–004 to permit those members to serve in other than the biological sex of each such member. 
 (D)  Of the members described in subparagraph (C), the number of members who were granted such a waiver or exception. 
 (E)  Of the members described in subparagraph (C), the number of members who were denied such a waiver or exception. 
 (F)  Of the members described in subparagraph (E), the number of members who were discharged because of such denial, aggregated by characterization of discharge. 
 
 
 (b)  Protection of Certain Information .— No report submitted under this section may contain any personally identifiable information or protected health information of any individual. 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ DTM–19–004 ” means the memorandum— (A)  issued by the Office of the Deputy Secretary of Defense; 
 (B)  dated March 12, 2019; and 
 (C)  with the subject heading “ Directive-type Memorandum (DTM)–19–004–Military Service by Transgender Persons and Persons with Gender Dysphoria ”. 
 
 (2)  The terms “exempt individuals” and “nonexempt individuals” have the meanings given those terms in attachment 3 to DTM–19–004. 
 (3)  The term “ reporting period ” means, with respect to a report submitted under subsection (a), the calendar year most recently completed before the date on which such report is to be submitted.