SEC. 6718.  SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON INVESTIGATIONS OF UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURES OF CLASSIFIED INFORMATION. (a)  In General .— Title XI of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3231 et seq. )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section: “SEC. 1105.  50 USC 3235 . SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON INVESTIGATIONS OF UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURES OF CLASSIFIED INFORMATION. “(a)  Definitions .— In this section: “(1)  Covered official .— The term ‘ covered official ’ means— “(A)  the heads of each element of the intelligence community; and 
 “(B)  the inspectors general with oversight responsibility for an element of the intelligence community. 
 
 “(2)  Investigation .— The term ‘ investigation ’ means any inquiry, whether formal or informal, into the existence of an unauthorized public disclosure of classified information. 
 “(3)  Unauthorized disclosure of classified information .— The term ‘ unauthorized disclosure of classified information ’ means any unauthorized disclosure of classified information to any recipient. 
 “(4)  Unauthorized public disclosure of classified information .— The term ‘ unauthorized public disclosure of classified information ’ means the unauthorized disclosure of classified information to a journalist or media organization. 
 
 “(b)  Intelligence Community Reporting .— “(1)  In general .— Not less frequently than once every 6 months, each covered official shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report on investigations of unauthorized public disclosures of classified information. 
 “(2)  Time period. Elements .— Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the preceding 6-month period, the following: 133 STAT. 2229 
 “(A)  The number of investigations opened by the covered official regarding an unauthorized public disclosure of classified information. 
 “(B)  The number of investigations completed by the covered official regarding an unauthorized public disclosure of classified information. 
 “(C)  Of the number of such completed investigations identified under subparagraph (B), the number referred to the Attorney General for criminal investigation. 
 
 
 “(c)  Department of Justice Reporting .— “(1)  Deadline. Consultation. Time period. In general .— Not less frequently than once every 6 months, the Assistant Attorney General for National Security of the Department of Justice, in consultation with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report on the status of each referral made to the Department of Justice from any element of the intelligence community regarding an unauthorized disclosure of classified information made during the most recent 365-day period or any referral that has not yet been closed, regardless of the date the referral was made. 
 “(2)  Contents .— Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include, for each referral covered by the report, at a minimum, the following: “(A)  The date the referral was received. 
 “(B)  A statement indicating whether the alleged unauthorized disclosure described in the referral was substantiated by the Department of Justice. 
 “(C)  A statement indicating the highest level of classification of the information that was revealed in the unauthorized disclosure. 
 “(D)  A statement indicating whether an open criminal investigation related to the referral is active. 
 “(E)  A statement indicating whether any criminal charges have been filed related to the referral. 
 “(F)  A statement indicating whether the Department of Justice has been able to attribute the unauthorized disclosure to a particular entity or individual. 
 
 
 “(d)  Form of Reports .— Each report submitted under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may have a classified annex.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of contents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947  is amended  by  inserting  after the item relating to section 1104 the following new item: 
 
 
 “Sec. 1105.  
 Semiannual reports on investigations of unauthorized disclosures of classified information.”.