SEC. 6722.  50 USC 3024 note . REPORTS AND BRIEFINGS ON NATIONAL SECURITY EFFECTS OF GLOBAL WATER INSECURITY AND EMERGING INFECTIOUS DISEASE AND PANDEMICS. (a)  Global Water Insecurity .— (1)  Report .— (A)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the implications of water insecurity on the national security interests of the United States, including consideration of social, economic, agricultural, and environmental factors. 
 (B)  Assessment scope and focus .— The report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include an assessment of water insecurity described in such subsection with a global scope, but focus on areas of the world— (i)  of strategic, economic, or humanitarian interest to the United States— (I)  that are, as of the date of the report, at the greatest risk of instability, conflict, human insecurity, or mass displacement; or 
 (II)  Time periods. where challenges relating to water insecurity are likely to emerge and become significant during the 5-year or the 20-year period beginning on the date of the report; and 
 
 (ii)  where challenges relating to water insecurity are likely to imperil the national security interests of the United States or allies of the United States. 
 
 (C)  Consultation .— In researching the report required by subparagraph (A), the Director shall consult with— (i)  such stakeholders within the intelligence community, the Department of Defense, and the Department of State as the Director considers appropriate; and 
 (ii)  such additional Federal agencies and persons in the private sector as the Director considers appropriate. 
 
 (D)  Form .— The report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (2)  Effective date. Quinquennial briefings .— Beginning on the date that is 5 years after the date on which the Director submits the report under paragraph (1), and every 5 years thereafter, the  133 STAT. 2233 
Director shall provide to the committees specified in such paragraph a briefing that updates the matters contained in the report. 
 
 (b)  Emerging Infectious Disease and Pandemics .— (1)  Report .— (A)  In general .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the anticipated geopolitical effects of emerging infectious disease (including deliberate, accidental, and naturally occurring infectious disease threats) and pandemics, and their implications on the national security of the United States. 
 (B)  Assessment. Contents .— The report under subparagraph (A) shall include an assessment of— (i)  the economic, social, political, and security risks, costs, and impacts of emerging infectious diseases on the United States and the international political and economic system; 
 (ii)  the economic, social, political, and security risks, costs, and impacts of a major transnational pandemic on the United States and the international political and economic system; and 
 (iii)  contributing trends and factors to the matters assessed under clauses (i) and (ii). 
 
 (C)  Examination of response capacity .— In examining the risks, costs, and impacts of emerging infectious disease and a possible transnational pandemic under subparagraph (B), the Director of National Intelligence shall also examine in the report under subparagraph (A) the response capacity within affected countries and the international system. In considering response capacity, the Director shall include— (i)  the ability of affected nations to effectively detect and manage emerging infectious diseases and a possible transnational pandemic; 
 (ii)  the role and capacity of international organizations and nongovernmental organizations to respond to emerging infectious disease and a possible pandemic, and their ability to coordinate with affected and donor nations; and 
 (iii)  the effectiveness of current international frameworks, agreements, and health systems to respond to emerging infectious diseases and a possible transnational pandemic. 
 
 
 (2)  Effective date. Quinquennial briefings .— Beginning on the date that is 5 years after the date on which the Director submits the report under paragraph (1), and every 5 years thereafter, the Director shall provide to the congressional intelligence committees a briefing that updates the matters contained in the report. 
 (3)  Form .— The report under paragraph (1) and the briefings under paragraph (2) may be classified. 
 (4)  Appropriate congressional committees defined .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 133 STAT. 2234 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate.