SEC. 6501.  REPORT ON CYBER ATTACKS BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS AGAINST UNITED STATES ELECTION INFRASTRUCTURE. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
 (C)  the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; 
 (D)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (E)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Congressional leadership .— The term “ congressional leadership ” includes the following: (A)  The majority leader of the Senate. 
 (B)  The minority leader of the Senate. 
 (C)  The Speaker of the House of Representatives. 
 (D)  The minority leader of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (3)  State .— The term “ State ” means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States. 
 
 (b)  Report Required .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis shall submit to congressional leadership and the appropriate congressional committees a report on cyber attacks and attempted cyber attacks by foreign governments on United States election infrastructure in States and localities in connection with the 2016 Presidential election in the United States and such cyber attacks or attempted cyber attacks as the Under Secretary anticipates against such infrastructure. Such report shall identify the States and localities affected and shall include cyber attacks and attempted cyber attacks against voter registration databases, voting machines, voting-related computer networks, and the networks of Secretaries of State and other election officials of the various States. 133 STAT. 2203 
 (c)  Form .— The report submitted under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.