SEC. 6505.  ASSESSMENT OF SIGNIFICANT RUSSIAN INFLUENCE CAMPAIGNS DIRECTED AT FOREIGN ELECTIONS AND REFERENDA. (a)  Russian Influence Campaign Defined .— In this section, the term “ Russian influence campaign ” means any effort, covert or overt, and by any means, attributable to the Russian Federation directed at an election, referendum, or similar process in a country other than the Russian Federation or the United States. 
 (b)  Deadline. Time period. Summaries. Assessment Required .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report containing an analytical assessment of the most significant Russian influence campaigns, if any, conducted during the 3-year period preceding the date of the enactment of this Act, as well as the most significant current or planned such Russian influence campaigns, if any. Such assessment shall include— (1)  a summary of such significant Russian influence campaigns, including, at a minimum, the specific means by which such campaigns were conducted, are being conducted, or likely will be conducted, as appropriate, and the specific goal of each such campaign; 133 STAT. 2206 
 (2)  a summary of any defenses against or responses to such Russian influence campaigns by the foreign state holding the elections or referenda; 
 (3)  a summary of any relevant activities by elements of the intelligence community undertaken for the purpose of assisting the government of such foreign state in defending against or responding to such Russian influence campaigns; and 
 (4)  an assessment of the effectiveness of such defenses and responses described in paragraphs (2) and (3). 
 
 (c)  Classified information. Form .— The report required by subsection (b) may be submitted in classified form, but if so submitted, shall contain an unclassified summary.