SEC. 6712.  REPORTS ON AUTHORITIES OF THE CHIEF INTELLIGENCE OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Homeland security intelligence enterprise .— The term “ Homeland Security Intelligence Enterprise ” has the meaning given such term in Department of Homeland Security Instruction Number 264–01–001, or successor authority. 
 
 (b)  Report Required .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the authorities of the Under Secretary. 
 (c)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (b) shall include each of the following: (1)  Analysis. An analysis of whether the Under Secretary has the legal and policy authority necessary to organize and lead the Homeland Security Intelligence Enterprise, with respect to intelligence, and, if not, a description of— (A)  the obstacles to exercising the authorities of the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department and the Homeland Security Intelligence Council, of which the Chief Intelligence Officer is the chair; and 
 (B)  the legal and policy changes necessary to effectively coordinate, organize, and lead intelligence activities of the Department of Homeland Security. 
 
 (2)  A description of the actions that the Secretary has taken to address the inability of the Under Secretary to require components of the Department, other than the Office of Intelligence and Analysis of the Department to— 133 STAT. 2226 (A)  Coordination. coordinate intelligence programs; and 
 (B)  integrate and standardize intelligence products produced by such other components.