SEC. 6607.  Classified information. REPORT ON CLEARANCE IN PERSON CONCEPT. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that to reflect the greater mobility of the modern workforce, alternative methodologies merit analysis to allow greater flexibility for individuals moving in and out of positions that require access to classified information, while still preserving security. 
 (b)  Report Required .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and make available to appropriate industry partners a report that describes the requirements, feasibility, and advisability of implementing a clearance in person concept described in subsection (c). 
 (c)  Clearance in Person Concept .— The clearance in person concept— (1)  Time period. permits an individual who once held a security clearance to maintain his or her eligibility for access to classified information, networks, and facilities for up to 3 years after the individual’s eligibility for access to classified information would otherwise lapse; and 
 (2)  recognizes, unless otherwise directed by the Security Executive Agent, an individual’s security clearance and background investigation as current, regardless of employment status, contingent on enrollment in a continuous vetting program. 133 STAT. 2216 
 
 (d)  Contents .— The report required under subsection (b) shall address— (1)  requirements for an individual to voluntarily remain in a continuous vetting program validated by the Security Executive Agent even if the individual is not in a position requiring access to classified information; 
 (2)  appropriate safeguards for privacy; 
 (3)  advantages to government and industry; 
 (4)  the costs and savings associated with implementation; 
 (5)  the risks of such implementation, including security and counterintelligence risks; 
 (6)  an appropriate funding model; and 
 (7)  fairness to small companies and independent contractors.