SEC. 6702.  ASSESSMENT OF THREAT FINANCE RELATING TO RUSSIA. (a)  Threat Finance Defined .— In this section, the term “ threat finance ” means— (1)  the financing of cyber operations, global influence campaigns, intelligence service activities, proliferation, terrorism, or transnational crime and drug organizations; 
 (2)  the methods and entities used to spend, store, move, raise, conceal, or launder money or value, on behalf of threat actors; 
 (3)  sanctions evasion; and 
 (4)  President. other forms of threat finance activity domestically or internationally, as defined by the President. 
 
 (b)  Assessment. Report Required .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Intelligence and Analysis, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report containing an assessment of Russian threat finance. The assessment shall be based on intelligence from all sources, including from the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence of the Department of the Treasury. 
 (c)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (b) shall include each of the following: (1)  Summary. Time period. A summary of leading examples from the 3-year period preceding the date of the submittal of the report of threat finance activities conducted by, for the benefit of, or at the behest of— (A)  officials of the Government of Russia; 
 (B)  persons subject to sanctions under any provision of law imposing sanctions with respect to Russia; 
 (C)  Russian nationals subject to sanctions under any other provision of law; or 
 (D)  Russian oligarchs or organized criminals. 
 
 (2)  An assessment with respect to any trends or patterns in threat finance activities relating to Russia, including common methods of conducting such activities and global nodes of money laundering used by Russian threat actors described in paragraph (1) and associated entities. 
 (3)  An assessment of any connections between Russian individuals involved in money laundering and the Government of Russia. 
 (4)  Summary. A summary of engagement and coordination with international partners on threat finance relating to Russia, especially in Europe, including examples of such engagement and coordination. 
 (5)  An identification of any resource and collection gaps. 
 (6)  An identification of— (A)  entry points of money laundering by Russian and associated entities into the United States; 
 (B)  any vulnerabilities within the United States legal and financial system, including specific sectors, which have  133 STAT. 2223 
been or could be exploited in connection with Russian threat finance activities; and 
 (C)  the counterintelligence threat posed by Russian money laundering and other forms of threat finance, as well as the threat to the United States financial system and United States efforts to enforce sanctions and combat organized crime. 
 
 (7)  Any other matters the Director determines appropriate. 
 
 (d)  Classified information. Form of Report .— The report required under subsection (b) may be submitted in classified form.