SEC. 741.  REPORTS ON SUICIDE AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND SUICIDE PREVENTION PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. (a)  Department of Defense Reports on Suicide Among Members of the Armed Forces .— (1)  Reports required .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through January 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on suicide among members of the Armed Forces during the year preceding the date of the report. 
 (2)  Matters included .— Each report under paragraph (1) shall include the following with respect to the year covered by the report: (A)  The number of suicides, attempted suicides, and known cases of suicidal ideation involving a member of the Armed Forces, including the reserve components thereof, listed by Armed Force. 
 (B)  Time periods. The number of suicides, attempted suicides, or known cases of suicidal ideation identified under subparagraph (A) that occurred during each of the following periods: (i)  The first 180 days of the member serving in the Armed Forces. 
 (ii)  The period in which the member is deployed in support of a contingency operation. 
 
 (C)  With respect to the number of suicides, attempted suicides, or known cases of suicidal ideation identified under subparagraph (B)(i), the initial recruit training location of the member. 
 (D)  The number of suicides involving a dependent of a member. 
 (E)  A description of any research collaborations and data sharing by the Department of Defense with the Department of Veterans Affairs, other departments or agencies of the Federal Government, academic institutions, or nongovernmental organizations. 
 (F)  Identification of a research agenda for the Department of Defense to improve the evidence base on effective suicide prevention treatment and risk communication. 
 (G)  The availability and usage of the assistance of chaplains, houses of worship, and other spiritual resources for members of the Armed Forces who identify as religiously affiliated and have attempted suicide, have experienced suicidal ideation, or are at risk of suicide, and metrics on the impact these resources have in assisting religiously-affiliated members who have access to and utilize them compared to religiously-affiliated members who do not. 
 (H)  A description of the effectiveness of the policies developed pursuant to section 567 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. “Buck” McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ;  10 U.S.C. 1071 note ) and section 582 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 ( Public Law 112–239 ;  10 U.S.C. 1071 note ), including with respect to— 133 STAT. 1468 (i)  metrics identifying effective treatment modalities for members of the Armed Forces who are at risk for suicide (including any clinical interventions involving early identification and treatment of such members); 
 (ii)  metrics for the rate of integration of mental health screenings and suicide risk and prevention for members during the delivery of primary care for such members; 
 (iii)  metrics relating to the effectiveness of suicide prevention and resilience programs and preventative behavioral health programs of the Department of Defense (including those of the military departments and the Armed Forces); and 
 (iv)  metrics evaluating the training standards for behavioral health care providers to ensure that such providers have received training on clinical best practices and evidence-based treatments. 
 
 
 
 (b)  GAO Report on Suicide Prevention Programs and Activities .— (1)  Report required .— Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the programs and activities of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces for the prevention of suicide among members of the Armed Forces (including the reserve components) and their families. 
 (2)  Elements .— The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A description of the current programs and activities of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces for the prevention of suicide among members of the Armed Forces and their families. 
 (B)  Assessment. An assessment whether the programs and activities described pursuant to subparagraph (A)— (i)  are evidence-based and incorporate best practices identified in peer-reviewed medical literature; 
 (ii)  are appropriately resourced; and 
 (iii)  deliver outcomes that are appropriate relative to peer activities and programs (including those undertaken in the civilian community and in military forces of other countries). 
 
 (C)  Assessment. A description and assessment of any impediments to the effectiveness of such programs and activities. 
 (D)  Recommenda- tions. Such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for improvements to such programs and activities. 
 (E)  Recommenda- tions. Such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate for additional programs and activities for the prevention of suicide among members of the Armed Forces and their families. 133 STAT. 1469