SEC. 7211.  President. 21 USC 2311 . Determination. IDENTIFICATION OF FOREIGN OPIOID TRAFFICKERS. (a)  Public Report .— 133 STAT. 2264 
 (1)  In general .— The President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership, in accordance with subsection (c), a report— (A)  identifying the foreign persons that the President determines are foreign opioid traffickers; 
 (B)  detailing progress the President has made in implementing this subtitle; and 
 (C)  providing an update on cooperative efforts with the governments of Mexico, the People’s Republic of China, and other countries of concern with respect to combating foreign opioid traffickers. 
 
 (2)  Identification of additional persons .— If, at any time after submitting a report required by paragraph (1) and before the submission of the next such report, the President determines that a foreign person not identified in the report is a foreign opioid trafficker, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership an additional report containing the information required by paragraph (1) with respect to the foreign person. 
 (3)  Exclusion .— The President shall not be required to include in a report under paragraph (1) or (2) any persons with respect to which the United States has imposed sanctions before the date of the report under this subtitle or any other provision of law with respect to opioid trafficking. 
 (4)  Form of report .— (A)  In general .— Each report required by paragraph (1) or (2) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
 (B)  Availability to public .— The unclassified portion of a report required by paragraph (1) or (2) shall be made available to the public. 
 
 
 (b)  Classified Report .— (1)  In general .— The President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership, in accordance with subsection (c), a report, in classified form— (A)  describing in detail the status of sanctions imposed under this subtitle, including the personnel and resources directed toward the imposition of such sanctions during the preceding fiscal year; 
 (B)  providing background information with respect to persons newly identified as foreign opioid traffickers and their illicit activities; 
 (C)  describing actions the President intends to undertake or has undertaken to implement this subtitle; and 
 (D)  providing a strategy for identifying additional foreign opioid traffickers. 
 
 (2)  Effect on other reporting requirements .— The report required by paragraph (1) is in addition to, and in no way delimits or restricts, the obligations of the President to keep Congress fully and currently informed pursuant to the provisions of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq. ). 
 
 (c)  Submission of Reports .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the date that is 5 years after such date of enactment, the President shall submit the reports required by subsections (a) and (b) to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership. 133 STAT. 2265 
 (d)  Determinations. Exclusion of Certain Information .— (1)  Intelligence .— Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, a report required by subsection (a) or (b) shall not disclose the identity of any person if the Director of National Intelligence determines that such disclosure could compromise an intelligence operation, activity, source, or method of the United States. 
 (2)  Law enforcement .— Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, a report required by subsection (a) or (b) shall not disclose the identity of any person if the Attorney General, in coordination, as appropriate, with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of State, and the head of any other appropriate Federal law enforcement agency, determines that such disclosure could reasonably be expected— (A)  to compromise the identity of a confidential source, including a State, local, or foreign agency or authority or any private institution that furnished information on a confidential basis; 
 (B)  to jeopardize the integrity or success of an ongoing criminal investigation or prosecution; 
 (C)  to endanger the life or physical safety of any person; or 
 (D)  to cause substantial harm to physical property. 
 
 (3)  Notification required .— If the Director of National Intelligence makes a determination under paragraph (1) or the Attorney General makes a determination under paragraph (2), the Director or the Attorney General, as the case may be, shall notify the appropriate congressional committees and leadership of the determination and the reasons for the determination. 
 (4)  Rule of construction .— Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize or compel the disclosure of information determined by the President to be law enforcement information, classified information, national security information, or other information the disclosure of which is prohibited by any other provision of law. 
 
 (e)  Consultation. Provision of Information Required for Reports .— The Secretary of the Treasury, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Director of National Intelligence shall consult among themselves and provide to the President and the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy the appropriate and necessary information to enable the President to submit the reports required by subsection (a).