SEC. 746.  STUDY ON ESTABLISHMENT OF WOUNDED WARRIOR SERVICE DOG PROGRAM. (a)  Deadline. Study .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing a wounded warrior service dog program. 
 (b)  Elements .— The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Assessment. An assessment of the need and feasibility of establishing a wounded warrior service dog program. 
 (2)  Assessment. With respect to a nonprofit organization seeking a grant under a wounded warrior service dog program, an assessment of the feasibility of requiring that the organization— (A)  specify the training requirements for covered members; 
 (B)  detail the training of dogs that will serve as assistance dogs; 
 (C)  establish a database— (i)  to track whether a dog has prior experience as a military working dog, service dog, or assistance dog; and 
 (ii)  that contains a designation for each dog with prior experience as a military working dog; 
 
 (D)  describe the aftercare services that the organization will provide to assistance dogs and covered members; and 
 (E)  Standards. possess the appropriate accreditation standards for assistance dogs, as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (3)  List. A list of locations at which the greatest number of covered members are likely to participate in a wounded warrior service dog program. 
 (4)  Cost estimate. An estimate of the costs required to create a wounded warrior service dog program. 
 (5)  List. A list of peer reviewed articles and other appropriate studies that examine the clinical effectiveness of assistance dogs with respect to the treatment of patients with disabilities. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Assistance dog .— 133 STAT. 1473 
 (A)  In general .— The term “ assistance dog ” means a dog specifically trained to perform physical tasks to mitigate the effects of a disability described in subparagraph (B), except that the term does not include a dog specifically trained for comfort or personal defense. 
 (B)  Disability described .— A disability described in this subparagraph is any of the following: (i)  Blindness or visual impairment. 
 (ii)  Loss of limb, paralysis, or other significant mobility issues. 
 (iii)  Loss of hearing. 
 (iv)  Traumatic brain injury. 
 (v)  Post-traumatic stress disorder. 
 (vi)  Any other disability that the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. 
 
 
 (2)  Covered member .— The term “ covered member ” means a member of the Armed Forces who is— (A)  receiving medical treatment, recuperation, or therapy under  chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code ; 
 (B)  in medical hold or medical holdover status; or 
 (C)  covered under section 1202 or 1205 of  title 10, United States Code . 
 
 (3)  Wounded warrior service dog program .— The term “ wounded warrior service dog program ” means a pilot program under which the Secretary of Defense awards competitive grants to non-profit organizations that would assist such organizations in the planning, designing, establishing, or operating (or any combination thereof) of programs to provide assistance dogs to covered members.