SEC. 738.  ENCOURAGEMENT OF PARTICIPATION IN WOMEN’S HEALTH TRANSITION TRAINING PILOT PROGRAM. (a)  Encouragement of Participation .— The Secretaries of the military departments shall encourage female members of the Armed Forces who are separating or retiring from the Armed Forces during fiscal year 2020 to participate in the Women’s Health Transition Training pilot program (in this section referred to as the “pilot program”) administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
 (b)  Selection .— Each Secretary of a military department shall select at least one location at which the pilot program is offered and encourage participation in the pilot program at such location. 
 (c)  Consultation. Report .— Not later than September 30, 2020, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the pilot program that includes the following: (1)  For the period since the commencement of the pilot program— (A)  the number of courses held under the pilot program; 
 (B)  the locations at which such courses were held; and 
 (C)  for each location identified in subparagraph (B)— (i)  the number of female members by military department (with respect to Department of the Navy,  133 STAT. 1464 
separately for the Navy and Marine Corps) who participated in the pilot program; and 
 (ii)  the number of seats available under the pilot program. 
 
 
 (2)  Data relating to— (A)  satisfaction with courses held under the pilot program; 
 (B)  improved awareness of health care services administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and 
 (C)  any other available statistics regarding the pilot program. 
 
 (3)  A discussion of regulatory, legal, or resource barriers to— (A)  making the pilot program permanent to enable access by a greater number of female members at locations throughout the United States; 
 (B)  offering the pilot program online for female members who are unable to attend courses held under the pilot program in person; and 
 (C)  providing for automatic enrollment of participants in the pilot program in the patient enrollment system of the Department of Veterans Affairs established and operated under  section 1705 of title 38, United States Code .