SEC. 703.  10 USC 1077 note . LEAD LEVEL SCREENING AND TESTING FOR CHILDREN. (a)  Comprehensive Screening, Testing, and Reporting Guidelines .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish clinical practice guidelines for health care providers employed by the Department of Defense on screening, testing, and reporting of blood lead levels in children. 
 (2)  Use of cdc recommendations .— Guidelines established under paragraph (1) shall reflect recommendations made by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention with respect to the screening, testing, and reporting of blood lead levels in children. 
 (3)  Deadline. Dissemination of guidelines .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall disseminate the clinical practice guidelines established under paragraph (1) to health care providers of the Department of Defense. 
 
 (b)  Care Provided in Accordance With CDC Guidance .— The Secretary shall ensure that any care provided by the Department of Defense to a child for an elevated blood lead level shall be carried out in accordance with applicable guidance issued by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. 
 (c)  Sharing of Results of Testing .— (1)  In general .— With respect to a child who receives from the Department of Defense a test for an elevated blood lead level— (A)  the Secretary shall provide the results of the test to the parent or guardian of the child; and 
 (B)  notwithstanding any requirements for the confidentiality of health information under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( Public Law 104–191 ), if the results of the test show an abnormal blood lead level or elevated blood lead level, the Secretary shall provide those results and the address at which the child resides to— (i)  the relevant health department of the State in which the child resides if the child resides in the United States; or 
 (ii)  if the child resides outside the United States— (I)  the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; 
 (II)  the appropriate authority of the country in which the child resides; and 
 (III)  the primary provider of health care for the child for follow-up. 133 STAT. 1438 
 
 
 
 (2)  State defined .— In this subsection, the term “ State ” means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States. 
 
 (d)  Report .— Not later than January 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report detailing, with respect to the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date of the report, the following: (1)  The number of children who were tested by the Department of Defense for the level of lead in the blood of the child, and of such number, the number who were found to have an elevated blood lead level. 
 (2)  The number of children who were screened by the Department of Defense for an elevated risk of lead exposure. 
 
 (e)  Comptroller General Report .— Not later than January 1, 2022, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the effectiveness of screening and testing for lead exposure and elevated blood lead levels under  chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section, the terms “abnormal blood lead level” and “elevated blood lead level” have the meanings given those terms by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.