SEC. 743.  STUDY AND PLAN ON THE USE OF MILITARY-CIVILIAN INTEGRATED HEALTH DELIVERY SYSTEMS. (a)  Study .— The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on the use of local military-civilian integrated health delivery systems pursuant to section 706 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ;  10 U.S.C. 1096 note ). The study shall examine the following: (1)  Geographic locations where military medical treatment facilities have existing contractual relationships with local civilian health care networks, including Fort Drum, New York, Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey, Joint Base Lewis-McCord, Washington, Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, Elmendorf Air Force Base, Alaska, Fort Sill, Oklahoma, Tripler Army Medical Center, Hawaii, the National Capital Region, and similar locations. 
 (2)  Health care activities that promote value-based care, measurable health outcomes, patient safety, timeliness of referrals, and transparent communication with covered beneficiaries. 
 (3)  Locations where health care providers of the Department of Defense may be able to attain critical wartime readiness skills in a local integrated military-civilian integrated health delivery system. 
 (4)  The cost of providing care under an integrated military-civilian integrated health delivery system as compared to health care provided by a managed care support contractor. 
 
 (b)  Plan .— The Secretary of Defense shall develop a plan for the further development of the use of local military-civilian integrated health delivery systems by the Department of Defense. 
 (c)  Submission .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate— (1)  Reports. a report on the results of the study under subsection (a); and 
 (2)  the plan developed under subsection (b). 
 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered beneficiaries ” has the meaning given that term in  section 1072 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  The term “ National Capital Region ” has the meaning given that term in  section 2674 of title 10, United States Code .