SEC. 878.  MODIFICATION TO THE DEFENSE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM. (a)  Types of Awards; Award Size; Limitation on Certain Awards .— Section 2359a of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a)(1), by  inserting  “ phase II Small Business Technology Transfer Program projects, ” after “ projects, ”; 
 (2)  in subsection (b)— (A)  in paragraph (3), by  striking  “ $3,000,000 ” and all that follows through the period at the end and  inserting  “ $6,000,000. ”; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(7)  A preference under the program for funding small business concerns.” 
 ; and 
 
 (3)  in subsection (d)— (A)  by  striking  “ Subject to ” and  inserting  “ (1) Subject to ”; 
 (B)  in paragraph (1), as so designated, by  inserting  “ and to the limitation under paragraph (2) ” after “ for such purpose ”; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(2)  During any fiscal year, the total amount of awards in an amount greater than $3,000,000 made under the program established under subsection (a) may not exceed 25 percent of the amount made available to carry out such program during such fiscal year.” 
 . 
 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the program established under  section 2359a(a) of title 10, United States Code  (commonly known as the “Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program”), which shall include— 133 STAT. 1531 (1)  with respect to the two fiscal years preceding the submission of the report— (A)  a description of the total number of proposals funded under the program; 
 (B)  the percent of funds made available under the program for phase II Small Business Innovation Research Program projects (as defined under section 9 of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 638 )); and 
 (C)  List. a list of phase II Small Business Innovation Research Program projects that received funding under the program that were included in major defense acquisition programs (as defined in  section 2430 of title 10, United States Code ) and other defense acquisition programs that meet critical national security needs; and 
 
 (2)  Assessment. an assessment on the effectiveness of the program in stimulating innovative technologies, reducing acquisition or lifecycle costs, addressing technical risk, and improving the timeliness and thoroughness of test and evaluation outcomes.