SEC. 819.  AVAILABILITY OF DATA ON THE USE OF OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY AND REPORT ON THE USE OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT PROTOTYPE PROJECTS.   Section 873 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ;  132 Stat. 1905 ;  10 U.S.C. 2371 note )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (b)— 133 STAT. 1489 (A)  by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; 
 (B)  by  striking  “ shall analyze ” and  inserting  the following:  “shall— “(1)  analyze” 
 ; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(2)  make the data collected under subsection (a) accessible to any official designated by the Secretary of Defense for inclusion by such official in relevant reports made by such official.” 
 ; and 
 
 (2)  by  amending  subsection (c) to read as follows: “(c)  Report Required .— “(1)  In general .— Not later than December 31, 2019, and annually thereafter through December 31, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the use of other transaction authority to carry out prototype projects during the preceding fiscal year. Summary.  Each report shall summarize the data collected under subsection (a) on the nature and extent of each such use of the authority, including a description— “(A)  of the participants to an agreement entered into pursuant to the authority of subsection (a) of  section 2371b of title 10, United States Code , or a follow-on contract or transaction entered into pursuant to the authority of subsection (f) of such section; 
 “(B)  of the quantity of prototype projects to be produced pursuant to such an agreement, follow-on contract, or transaction; 
 “(C)  of the amount of payments made pursuant to each such agreement, follow-on contract, or transaction; 
 “(D)  of the purpose, description, and status of prototype projects carried out pursuant to each such agreement, follow-on contract, or transaction; and 
 “(E)  including case examples, of the successes and challenges with using the authority of such subsection (a) or (f). 
 
 “(2)  Form of report .— A report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form without any designation relating to dissemination control, but may contain a classified annex.” 
 
 .