SEC. 905.  10 USC 391 note . SENIOR MILITARY ADVISOR FOR CYBER POLICY AND DEPUTY PRINCIPAL CYBER ADVISOR. (a)  Advisor .— (1)  Designation. In general .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall, acting through the Joint Staff, designate an officer within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy to serve within that Office as the Senior Military Advisor for Cyber Policy, and concurrently, as the Deputy Principal Cyber Advisor. 
 (2)  Officers eligible for designation .— The officer designated pursuant to this subsection shall be designated from among commissioned regular officers of the Armed Forces in a general or flag officer grade who are qualified for designation 
 (3)  Grade .— The officer designated pursuant to this subsection shall have the grade of major general or rear admiral (upper half) while serving in that position, without vacating the officer’s permanent grade. 
 
 (b)  Scope of Positions .— (1)  In general .— The officer designated pursuant to subsection (a) is each of the following: (A)  The Senior Military Advisor for Cyber Policy to the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. 
 (B)  The Deputy Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense. 
 
 (2)  Direction and control and reporting .— In carrying out duties under this section, the officer designed pursuant to subsection (a) shall be subject to the authority, direction, and control of, and shall report directly to, the following: (A)  The Under Secretary with respect to Senior Military Advisor for Cyber Policy duties. 133 STAT. 1558 
 (B)  The Principal Cyber Advisor with respect to Deputy Principal Cyber Advisor duties. 
 
 
 (c)  Duties .— (1)  Duties as senior military advisor for cyber policy .— The duties of the officer designated pursuant to subsection (a) as Senior Military Advisor for Cyber Policy are as follows: (A)  To serve as the principal uniformed military advisor on military cyber forces and activities to the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. 
 (B)  To assess and advise the Under Secretary on aspects of policy relating to military cyberspace operations, resources, personnel, cyber force readiness, cyber workforce development, and defense of Department of Defense networks. 
 (C)  To advocate, in consultation with the Joint Staff, and senior officers of the Armed Forces and the combatant commands, for consideration of military issues within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, including coordination and synchronization of Department cyber forces and activities. 
 (D)  To maintain open lines of communication between the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, senior civilian leaders within the Office of the Under Secretary, and senior officers on the Joint Staff, the Armed Forces, and the combatant commands on cyber matters, and to ensure that military leaders are informed on cyber policy decisions. 
 
 (2)  Duties as deputy principal cyber advisor .— The duties of the officer designated pursuant to subsection (a) as Deputy Principal Cyber Advisor are as follows: (A)  To synchronize, coordinate, and oversee implementation of the Cyber Strategy of the Department of Defense and other relevant policy and planning. 
 (B)  To advise the Secretary of Defense on cyber programs, projects, and activities of the Department, including with respect to policy, training, resources, personnel, manpower, and acquisitions and technology. 
 (C)  To oversee implementation of Department policy and operational directives on cyber programs, projects, and activities, including with respect to resources, personnel, manpower, and acquisitions and technology. 
 (D)  To assist in the overall supervision of Department cyber activities relating to offensive missions. 
 (E)  To assist in the overall supervision of Department defensive cyber operations, including activities of component-level cybersecurity service providers and the integration of such activities with activities of the Cyber Mission Force. 
 (F)  To advise senior leadership of the Department on, and advocate for, investment in capabilities to execute Department missions in and through cyberspace. 
 (G)  To identify shortfalls in capabilities to conduct Department missions in and through cyberspace, and make recommendations on addressing such shortfalls in the Program Budget Review process. 133 STAT. 1559 
 (H)  To coordinate and consult with stakeholders in the cyberspace domain across the Department in order to identify other issues on cyberspace for the attention of senior leadership of the Department. 
 (I)  On behalf of the Principal Cyber Advisor, to lead the cross-functional team established pursuant to 932(c)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 ( 10 U.S.C. 2224 note ) in order to synchronize and coordinate military and civilian cyber forces and activities of the Department.