SEC. 1118.  REPORT AND SUNSET RELATING TO INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE QUALIFICATIONS BY QUALIFICATION REVIEW BOARDS OF OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT.   Section 1109 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( 5 U.S.C. 3393 note )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (d)— (A)  in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ paragraph (3) ” and  inserting  “ paragraph (4) ”; 
 (B)  in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ paragraph (3) ” and  inserting  “ paragraph (4) ”; 
 (C)  by  redesignating  paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and 
 (D)  by  inserting  after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (3): “(3)  Assessments. Additional report .— Not later than December 1, 2024, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress specified in paragraph (4) and the Comptroller General of the  137 STAT. 434 
United States a report on the use of the authority provided in this section. The report shall include the following: “(A)  Time period. The number and type of appointments made under this section between August 13, 2018, and the date of the report. 
 “(B)  Data. Data on and an assessment of whether appointments under the authority in this section reduced the time to hire when compared with the time to hire under the review system of the Office of Personnel Management in use as of the date of the report. 
 “(C)  An assessment of the utility of the appointment authority and process under this section. 
 “(D)  An assessment of whether the appointments made under this section resulted in higher quality new executives for the Senior Executive Service of the Department when compared with the executives produced in the Department under the review system in use between August 13, 2013, and August 13, 2018. 
 “(E)  Recommenda- tions. Any recommendation for the improvement of the selection and qualification process for the Senior Executive Service of the Department that the Secretary considers necessary in order to attract and hire highly qualified candidates for service in that Senior Executive Service.” 
 
 ; and 
 
 (2)  in subsection (e), by  striking  “ August 13, 2023 ” and  inserting  “ September 30, 2025 ”.