SEC. 1650.  PLAN FOR DECREASING THE TIME TO UPLOAD ADDITIONAL WARHEADS TO THE INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FLEET. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Strategic Command and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Space Policy, shall develop a plan to decrease the amount of time required to upload additional warheads to the intercontinental ballistic missile force in the event Presidential direction is given to exercise such a plan. 
 (b)  Elements .— The plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Assessment. An assessment of the storage capacity of weapons storage areas and any weapons generation facilities at covered bases, including the capacity of each covered base to store additional warheads. 
 (2)  Assessment. Timelines. An assessment of the current nuclear warhead transportation capacity and workforce of the National Nuclear Security Administration and associated timelines for transporting additional nuclear warheads to covered bases. 
 (3)  Evaluation. Timelines. An evaluation of the capacity and limitations of the maintenance squadrons and security forces at covered bases and the associated timelines for  adding  warheads to the intercontinental ballistic missile force. 
 (4)  An identification of actions that would address any identified limitations to upload additional warheads. 
 (5)  Evaluation. An evaluation of courses of actions to upload additional warheads to a portion of the intercontinental ballistic missile force. 
 (6)  Assessment. An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of initiating immediate deployment of W78 warheads to a single wing of the intercontinental ballistic missile force as a hedge against delay of the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile. 
 (7)  Any policy considerations that would need to be addressed, including any guidance and direction that would required, to execute the plan. 
 (8)  An identification of all funding required to carry out actions identified in paragraphs (4) and (5). 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Submission to Congress .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force and the Commander of the United States Strategic Command  137 STAT. 602 
shall submit to the congressional defense committees the plan required by subsection (a). 
 (d)  Form .— The plan required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (e)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 30 days after the submission of the plan required by subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Space Policy shall provide for the congressional defense committees a briefing on the actions being pursued to implement the plan. 
 (f)  State listing. Covered Base Defined .— The term “ covered base ” means the following: (1)  Francis E. Warren Air Force Base, Laramie County, Wyoming. 
 (2)  Malmstrom Air Force Base, Cascade County, Montana. 
 (3)  Minot Air Force Base, Ward County, North Dakota.