SEC. 1804.  U.S. HOSTAGE AND WRONGFUL DETAINEE DAY ACT OF 2023. (a)  Designation .— (1)  Hostage and wrongful detainee day .— (A)  In general .— Chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code ,  is amended — (i)  by  redesignating  the second section 146 (relating to Choose Respect Day) as section 147; and 
 (ii)  by  adding  at the end the following: “§ 148. 36 USC 148 .  U.S. Hostage and Wrongful Detainee Day “(a)  Designation .— March 9 is U.S. Hostage and Wrongful Detainee Day. 
 “(b)  President. Proclamation .— The President is requested to issue each year a proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe U.S. Hostage and Wrongful Detainee Day with appropriate ceremonies and activities.” 
 
 . 
 
 (B)  Technical and conforming amendment .— The table of sections for  chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code , is 36 USC prec. 101.  amended by  striking  the item relating to the second section 146 and  inserting  the following new items: 
 
 “147.  
 Choose Respect Day. 
 
 “148.  
 U.S. Hostage and Wrongful Detainee Day.”. 
 
 
 
 (2)  Hostage and wrongful detainee flag .— (A)  In general .— Chapter 9 of title 36, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section: “§ 904. 36 USC 904 .  Hostage and Wrongful Detainee flag “(a)  Designation .— The Hostage and Wrongful Detainee flag championed by the Bring Our Families Home Campaign is designated as the symbol of the commitment of the United States to recognizing, and prioritizing the freedom of, citizens and lawful permanent residents of the United States held as hostages or wrongfully detained abroad. 
 “(b)  Required Display .— “(1)  In general .— The Hostage and Wrongful Detainee flag shall be displayed at the locations specified in paragraph (3) on the days specified in paragraph (2). 
 “(2)  Days specified .— The days specified in this paragraph are the following: “(A)  U.S. Hostage and Wrongful Detainee Day, March 9. 
 “(B)  Flag Day, June 14. 
 “(C)  Independence Day, July 4. 
 “(D)  Any day on which a citizen or lawful permanent resident of the United States— 137 STAT. 687 “(i)  returns to the United States from being held hostage or wrongfully detained abroad; or 
 “(ii)  dies while being held hostage or wrongfully detained abroad. 
 
 
 “(3)  Locations specified .— The locations specified in this paragraph are the following: “(A)  The Capitol. 
 “(B)  The White House. 
 “(C)  The buildings containing the official office of— “(i)  the Secretary of State; and 
 “(ii)  the Secretary of Defense. 
 
 
 
 “(c)  Display To Be in a Manner Visible to the Public .— Display of the Hostage and Wrongful Detainee flag pursuant to this section shall be in a manner designed to ensure visibility to the public. 
 “(d)  Limitation .— This section may not be construed or applied so as to require any employee to report to work solely for the purpose of providing for the display of the Hostage and Wrongful Detainee flag.” 
 
 . 
 (B)  Technical and conforming amendment .— The table of sections for  chapter 9 of title 36, United States Code , is 36 USC prec. 901.  amended by  adding  at the end the following: 
 
 “904.  
 Hostage and Wrongful Detainee flag.”.