SEC. 1256.  Deadlines. ASSISTANCE TO ISRAEL FOR AERIAL REFUELING. (a)  Training Israeli Pilots to Operate KC–46 Aircraft .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of the Air Force shall— 137 STAT. 471 
 (A)  make available sufficient resources and accommodations within the United States to train members of the Israeli Air Force on the operation of KC–46 aircraft; and 
 (B)  conduct training for members of the Israeli Air Force, including— (i)  training for pilots and crew on the operation of the KC–46 aircraft in accordance with standards considered sufficient to conduct coalition operations of the United States Air Force and the Israeli Air Force; and 
 (ii)  training for ground personnel on the maintenance and sustainment requirements of the KC–46 aircraft considered sufficient for such operations. 
 
 
 (2)  United states air force military personnel exchange program .— The Secretary of Defense shall, with respect to members of the Israeli Air Force associated with the operation of KC–46 aircraft— (A)  before the completion of the training required by paragraph (1)(B), authorize the participation of such members of the Israeli Air Force in the United States Air Force Military Personnel Exchange Program; 
 (B)  make available billets in the United States Air Force Military Personnel Exchange Program necessary for such members of the Israeli Air Force to participate in such program; and 
 (C)  to the extent practicable, ensure that such members of the Israeli Air Force are able to participate in the United States Air Force Military Personnel Exchange Program immediately after such members complete such training. 
 
 (3)  Termination .— This subsection shall cease to have effect on the date that is ten years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 
 (b)  Briefing .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing that includes the following: (1)  Assessment. An assessment of— (A)  the current operational requirements of the Government of Israel for aerial refueling; and 
 (B)  any gaps in current or near-term capabilities. 
 
 (2)  Estimated date. The estimated date of delivery to Israel of KC–46 aircraft procured by the Government of Israel. 
 (3)  A detailed description of— (A)  any actions the United States Government is taking to expedite the delivery to Israel of KC–46 aircraft procured by the Government of Israel, while minimizing adverse impacts to United States defense readiness, including strategic forces readiness; 
 (B)  any additional actions the United States Government could take to expedite such delivery; and 
 (C)  additional authorities Congress could provide to help expedite such delivery. 
 
 (4)  Time period. A description of the availability of any United States aerial refueling tanker aircraft that is retired or is expected to be retired during the two-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act that could be provided to Israel. 137 STAT. 472 
 
 (c)  Costs and Benefits of Forward Deployment of United States KC–46 Aircraft to Israel .— (1)  Briefing .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing that describes the costs and benefits of forward deploying KC–46 aircraft to Israel. 
 (2)  Presence .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall consult with the Government of Israel to determine the advisability and practicality of the Government of Israel hosting rotational deployments of United States KC–46 aircraft to Israel.