SEC. 1543.  10 USC 4025 note . PRIZE COMPETITION FOR TECHNOLOGY THAT DETECTS AND WATERMARKS USE OF GENERATIVE ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE. (a)  Deadline. Evaluation. Establishment .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, under the authority of  section 4025 of title 10, United States Code , the Secretary of Defense shall establish a prize competition designed to evaluate technology  137 STAT. 574 
(including applications, tools, and models) for generative artificial intelligence detection and generative artificial intelligence watermarking, for the purposes of— (1)  facilitating the research, development, testing, evaluation, and competition of such technologies to support the Secretaries of the military departments and the commanders of combatant commands in warfighting requirements; and 
 (2)  transitioning such technologies, including technologies developed pursuant to pilot programs, prototype projects, or other research and development programs, from the prototyping phase to production. 
 
 (b)  Participation .— The participants in the prize competition under subsection (a) may include federally funded research and development centers, entities within the private sector, entities within the defense industrial base, institutions of higher education, Federal departments and agencies, and such other categories of participants as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. 
 (c)  Designation .— The prize competition under subsection (a) shall be known as the “Generative AI Detection and Watermark Competition”. 
 (d)  Administration .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall administer the prize competition under subsection (a). 
 (e)  Deadline. Briefing. Framework .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the framework to be used in carrying out the prize competition under subsection (a). 
 (f)  Annual Briefings .— Not later than October 1 of each year until the date of termination under subsection (g), the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the results of the prize competition under subsection (a). 
 (g)  Termination .— The authority to carry out the prize competition under subsection (a) shall terminate on December 31, 2025. 
 (h)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ generative artificial intelligence detection ” means, with respect to digital content, the positive identification of the use of generative artificial intelligence in the generation of such content. 
 (2)  The term “ generative artificial intelligence watermarking ” means, with respect to digital content, embedding within such content data conveying attribution of the generation of such content to generative artificial intelligence.