SEC. 1070.  REPORT ON USE OF TACTICAL FIGHTER AIRCRAFT FOR DEPLOYMENTS AND HOMELAND DEFENSE MISSIONS. (a)  Study Required .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, shall conduct a study on the use of Department of Defense tactical fighter aircraft for deployments, including taskings supporting homeland defense missions. 
 (b)  Reviews. Assessments. Elements .— In carrying out the study required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1)  review both deployment and exercise requirements for tactical fighter aircraft levied by each geographic combatant command; 
 (2)  assess the deployable forces currently available to fulfill each of the requirements identified under paragraph (1), including whether such forces are adequate to meet the global requirements; 
 (3)  review any relevant tactical fighter forces that are not considered deployable or available to meet the requirements of the combatant commanders and consider whether the status of such forces can or should change; 
 (4)  assess whether tactical fighter aircraft coverage of the United States during the deployment of tactical fighter aircraft to locations outside the United States has been adequately considered, in particular with respect to the areas in and around Alaska and Hawaii; 
 (5)  assess the land-based tactical fighter aircraft units of the active and reserve components of the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps that could be considered for inclusion in homeland defense mission requirements; and 137 STAT. 407 
 (6)  Evaluation. Time periods. identify and evaluate deployment metrics, for each of the 15 fiscal years preceding the fiscal year during which the study is conducted, for the tactical fighter squadrons of the active and reserve components of the Air Force, Navy, and Marine Corps, which shall include— (A)  all contingency taskings supported, aggregated by active and reserve component taskings supporting Operation Noble Eagle and President of the United States support missions and overseas contingency taskings; 
 (B)  the average number of deployments per squadron, aggregated by active and reserve component squadrons; 
 (C)  the average deployment duration (in days), aggregated by active and reserve components; and 
 (D)  the percentage of days deployed, aggregated by active and reserve components. 
 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than May 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the results of a study required under subsection (a).