SEC. 1254.  MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR COOPERATION ON DIRECTED ENERGY CAPABILITIES.   Section 1280 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  134 Stat. 3982 ;  22 U.S.C. 8606 note )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (d), in the first sentence— (A)  by  inserting  “ acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, ” after “ the Secretary of Defense, ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ may establish a program ” and  inserting  “ is authorized ”; and 
 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(e)  Notification .— “(1)  Deadline. Assessment. In general .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an assessment detailing— “(A)  the most promising directed energy missile defense technologies available for co-development with the Government of Israel; 
 “(B)  any risks relating to the implementation of a directed energy missile defense technology co-development program with the Government of Israel; 
 “(C)  Spending plan. an anticipated spending plan for fiscal year 2024 funding authorized by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 to carry out this section; and 
 “(D)  Time period. initial projections for likely funding requirements to carry out a directed energy missile defense technology co-development program with the Government of Israel over the five fiscal years beginning after the date of the enactment this subsection, as applicable. 
 
 “(2)  Appropriate committees of congress defined .— In this subsection, the term ‘ appropriate committees of Congress ’ means— “(A)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 “(B)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.” 
 
 
 .