SEC. 1515.  Deadlines. 10 USC 2224 note . MODERNIZATION PROGRAM FOR NETWORK BOUNDARY AND CROSS-DOMAIN DEFENSE. (a)  Modernization Program Required .— The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a modernization program for network boundary and cross-domain defense against cyber attacks. In carrying out such modernization program, the Secretary shall expand upon the fiscal year 2023 pilot program on modernized network boundary defense capabilities and the initial deployment of such capabilities to the primary Internet access points of the Department of Defense managed by the Director of the Defense Information Systems Agency. 
 (b)  Program Phases .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall implement the modernization program under subsection (a) in phases, with the objective of completing such program by October 1, 2028. 
 (2)  Surveys. Objectives .— The phases required by paragraph (1) shall include the following objectives: (A)  By September 30, 2026, completion of— (i)  the pilot program specified in subsection (a) and the deployment of modernized network boundary defense capabilities to the Internet access points managed by the Director of the Defense Information Systems Agency; and 
 (ii)  the extension of modernized network boundary defense capabilities to all additional Internet access points of the information network of the Department of Defense. 
 
 (B)  By September 30, 2027, the conduct of a survey, completion of a pilot program, and deployment of modernized network boundary defense capabilities to the access points and cross-domain capabilities of the Secret Internet Protocol Router Network. 
 (C)  By September 30, 2028, the conduct of a survey, completion of a pilot program, and deployment of modernized network boundary defense capabilities to any remaining classified network or enclave of the information network of the Department. 
 
 
 (c)  Implementation Plan .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the implementation of the modernization program under subsection (a). Such plan shall include— (1)  Summary. a summary of findings from the pilot program specified in subsection (a); and 
 (2)  an identification of the resources necessary for such implementation, including for implementing the phase of the modernization program specified in subsection (b)(2)(C).