SEC. 1052.  10 USC 2661 note . PROHIBITION ON DISPLAY OF UNAPPROVED FLAGS. (a)  Prohibition .— No flag other than an approved flag shall be displayed in any work place, common access area, or public area of the Department of Defense. 
 (b)  Exclusions .— The prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply to— (1)  the public display or depiction of a flag other than an approved flag in a museum exhibit, State-issued license plate, grave site, memorial marker, monument, educational display, historical display, or work of art, if the nature of the display or depiction cannot reasonably be viewed as endorsement of the flag by the Department of Defense; or 
 (2)  a building or area that primarily serves as a place of residence, including a barracks, dormitory, bachelor quarters, government-operated housing, or public-private venture housing area. 137 STAT. 396 
 
 (c)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the authority of a military commander to enforce good order and discipline on a military installation. 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ approved flag ” means any of the following: (A)  The American flag. 
 (B)  The flag of a State or of the District of Columbia. 
 (C)  A military service flag. 
 (D)  A flag or general officer flag. 
 (E)  A Presidentially-appointed, Senate-confirmed civilian flag. 
 (F)  A Senior Executive Service or military department-specific flag. 
 (G)  The National League of Families POW/MIA flag. 
 (H)  The flag of another country that is an ally or partner of the United States or for official protocol purposes. 
 (I)  The flag of an organization of which the United States is a member. 
 (J)  A ceremonial, command, unit, or branch flag or guidon. 
 (K)  The flag of an athletic team, club, cadet-led organization, academic department, unit subdivision, or other entity approved to operate at a Service Academy (as such term is defined in  section 347 of title 10, United States Code ) or in conjunction with a Reserve Officer Training Corps activity. 
 (L)  A flag or banner displayed by a retail tenant or non-government entity operating in a building owned or controlled by the Department of Defense, for the purposes of advertising business products and services, if authorized by contract. 
 (M)  A religious flag or banner, including a holiday flag, if otherwise authorized. 
 (N)  A flag approved at the discretion of the military chain of command or senior civilian leadership, as appropriate. 
 
 (2)  The term “ work place, common access area, or public area of the Department of Defense ” includes the following: (A)  An office building, facility, naval vessel, aircraft, governmental vehicle, hangar, garage, ready room, storage room, tool and equipment room, or workshop. 
 (B)  A sensitive compartmented information facility of other secure facility. 
 (C)  A schoolhouse or training facility. 
 (D)  The area in plain view of such a building that is not residential in nature, including the areas outside of buildings of the Department of Defense.