SEC. 1088.  Deadlines. 10 USC 113 note . IMPLEMENTATION PLAN FOR JOINT CONCEPT FOR COMPETING. (a)  Implementation Plan Required .— Not later than March 1, 2024, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the congressional defense committees an implementation plan for of the Joint Concept for Competing, released on February 10, 2023. 
 (b)  Elements .— The implementation plan required by subsection (a) shall include— (1)  Timelines. timelines for the development of integrated competitive strategies for engaging in strategic competition, as described in the Joint Concept for Competing, to address the challenges posed by specific competitors, including such strategies designed to— (A)  deter adversarial military action; 
 (B)  counter the efforts of specific competitors, as necessary; and 
 (C)  support the efforts of the United States interagency and foreign allies, partners, and multilateral organizations; 
 
 (2)  an identification of any relevant updates to joint doctrine or professional military education; 
 (3)  a description of the integration of the Joint Concept for Competing with other joint force development and design efforts; 
 (4)  a description of concept-required capabilities that are necessary for joint force development and design in support of the Joint Concept for Competing, including the assignment  137 STAT. 420 
of roles and responsibilities and the timelines for attaining such capabilities; 
 (5)  a description of efforts to coordinate and synchronize Department of Defense activities with the activities of interagency and foreign partners for the purpose of integrated campaigning; 
 (6)  an identification of any recommendations to better integrate the role of the Joint Force, as identified by the Joint Concept for Competing, with national security efforts of interagency and foreign partners; 
 (7)  an identification of any changes to authorities or resources necessary to implement the Joint Concept for Competing; and 
 (8)  a description of any other matters the Chairman determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Time period. Update. Briefing .— Not later than 180 days after the delivery of the implementation plan required under subsection (a), and every 180 days thereafter through March 1, 2026, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing that includes an update on the status of the implementation plan required under subsection (a).