SEC. 1517.  10 USC 2224 note . PILOT PROGRAM ON ASSURING CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT FOR MILITARY CONTINGENCIES. (a)  Deadline. Establishment of Pilot Program .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to be known as the “Assuring Critical Infrastructure Support for Military Contingencies Pilot Program”. 
 (b)  Selection of Installations .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Hemispheric Affairs, shall select not fewer than four geographically diverse military installations at which to carry out the pilot program under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Determinations. Prioritization .— (A)  In general .— In selecting military installations under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall give priority to any military installation that the Secretary determines is a key component of not fewer than two contingency plans or operational plans, with further priority given to such plans in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command or the United States European Command. 
 (B)  Selection between equal priorities .— If two or more military installations qualify for equal priority under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Defense shall give further priority for selection under such paragraph to any such military installation that the Secretary of Defense determines is— (i)  connected to national-level infrastructure; 
 (ii)  located near a commercial port; or 
 (iii)  located near a national financial hub. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Activities .— In carrying out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Hemispheric Affairs, shall— (1)  without duplicating or disrupting existing cyber exercise activities under the National Cyber Exercise Program under section 2220B of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 665h ), conduct cyber resiliency and reconstitution stress test scenarios through tabletop exercises and, if possible, live exercises— (A)  Assessment. to assess how to prioritize restoration of power, water, and telecommunications for a military installation in the event of a significant cyberattack on regional critical  137 STAT. 549 
infrastructure that has similar impacts on State and local infrastructure; and 
 (B)  to determine the recovery process needed to ensure the military installation has the capability to function and support an overseas contingency operation or a homeland defense mission, as appropriate; 
 
 (2)  map dependencies on power, water, and telecommunications at the military installation and the connections to distribution and generation outside the military installation; 
 (3)  recommend priorities for the order of recovery for the military installation in the event of a significant cyberattack, considering both the requirements needed for operations of the military installation and the potential participation of personnel at the military installation in an overseas contingency operation or a homeland defense mission; and 
 (4)  develop a lessons-learned database from the exercises conducted under paragraph (1) across all military installations participating in the pilot program, to be shared with the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate. 
 
 (d)  Coordination With Related Programs .— The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Hemispheric Affairs, shall ensure that activities under subsection (c) are coordinated with— (1)  private entities that operate power, water, and telecommunications for a military installation participating in the pilot program under subsection (a); 
 (2)  relevant military and civilian personnel; and 
 (3)  any other entity that the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Hemispheric Affairs determines is relevant to the execution of activities under subsection (c). 
 
 (e)  Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Assistant to the President for Homeland Security, the National Cyber Director, the head of any other relevant Sector Risk Management Agency, the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and, if the Secretary of Defense determines it appropriate, relevant private sector owners and operators of critical infrastructure a report on the activities carried out under pilot program under subsection (a), including a description of any operational challenges identified. 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ critical infrastructure ” has the meaning given that term in the Critical Infrastructures Protection Act of 2001 ( 42 U.S.C. 5195c ). 
 (2)  The term “ Sector Risk Management Agency ” has the meaning given that term in section 2200 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 650 ).