SEC. 1269.  MODIFICATION AND UPDATE TO REPORT ON MILITARY CAPABILITIES OF IRAN AND RELATED ACTIVITIES.   Section 1227 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  135 Stat. 1972 )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a)— 137 STAT. 485 (A)  in paragraph (1)(C), by  inserting  “ ballistic and cruise ” after “ instances of ”; and 
 (B)  in paragraph (2)— (i)  in subparagraph (F), by  striking  “ The United Nations ” and  inserting  “ The effect of the United Nations ”; and 
 (ii)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraph: “(H)  Iranian involvement in regional narcotics trade, to include the following: “(i)  Any element of the Government of Iran, including the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (in this section referred to as the ‘IRGC’) and any Iran-backed group operating in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, or Yemen, that supports the sale, supply, or transfer of narcotics in the Middle East region. 
 “(ii)  The benefits accrued from the sale, supply, and transfer of narcotics in the region by any element of the Government of Iran, including the IRGC and any Iran-backed groups operating in Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, or Yemen. 
 “(iii)  All foreign terrorist organizations to or for which the IRGC, or any person owned or controlled by the IRGC, provides material support in the sale, supply, transfer, or production of captagon or other related narcotics or precursors in the Middle East and North Africa. 
 “(iv)  Activities conducted by the IRGC in Afghanistan related to the trade of methamphetamine or opiates, including synthetic opiates. 
 “(v)  All intercepted transfers involving the United States Fifth Fleet of narcotics from Iran or involving Iranian nationals or persons acting, or purporting to act, for or on behalf of the Government of Iran, including the IRGC. 
 
 “(I)  Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps-affiliated operatives serving in diplomatic and consular posts, cultural centers, religious institutions, and religious functions outside of Iran and actions taken by the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of the elements of the intelligence community (as such term is defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 ), consistent with the necessary protections for sources and methods, to reduce the influence of such operations.” 
 ; 
 
 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subsection (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
 (3)  by  inserting  after subsection (b) the following new subsection: “(c)  Updated Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act of 2024, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an updated report that includes each of the matters listed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) and covers developments during the period beginning in June 2022 and ending on the day before the date on which the updated report is submitted.” 
 ; and 137 STAT. 486 
 (4)  in subsection (d), as so redesignated, by  inserting  “ , and the updated report required by subsection (b), ” after “ report required by subsection (a) ”.