SEC. 1512.  10 USC 499 note . CYBERSECURITY ENHANCEMENTS FOR NUCLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK. (a)  Establishment of Cross-functional Team .— (1)  Deadline. Establishment .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and consistent with section 911(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ;  10 U.S.C. 111 note ), the Secretary of Defense shall establish a cross-functional team to develop and direct the implementation of a threat-driven cyber defense construct for the systems and networks that support the nuclear command, control, and communications (commonly referred to as “NC3”) mission (in this section referred to as the “cross-functional team”). 
 (2)  Composition of cross-functional team .— (A)  In general .— The cross functional team shall be composed of senior officers selected from among each of the military departments, the Defense Information Systems Agency, the National Security Agency, the United States Cyber Command, the United States Strategic Command, and any other organization or element of the Department of Defense determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
 (B)  Designation. Leadership .— The Secretary shall designate a senior officer from those selected under subparagraph (A) to serve as the leader of the cross-functional team. 
 (C)  Staff .— The Secretary shall ensure the heads of the organizations and elements specified in subparagraph (A) detail staff to support the cross-functional team in carrying out the duties under paragraph (3). 
 
 (3)  Duties .— The duties of the cross-functional team shall be to enhance the cyber defense of the systems and networks that support the nuclear command, control, and communications mission. 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Required Construct, Plan of Action, and Milestones .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this  137 STAT. 543 
Act, the leader of the cross-functional team designated pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(B) shall develop a threat-driven cyber defense construct, and associated plans and milestones, to enhance the security of the systems and networks that support the nuclear command, control, and communications mission. Such construct shall be based on— (1)  the application of the principles of the approach to cybersecurity commonly referred to as “zero trust architecture”; 
 (2)  an analysis of appropriately comprehensive endpoint and network telemetry data; and 
 (3)  control capabilities enabling rapid investigation and remediation of indicators of compromise and threats to mission execution. 
 
 (c)  Time periods. Annual Briefings .— During the 60-day period beginning on the date that is 30 days before the date on which the President submits to Congress the budget of the President pursuant to  section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code , for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2028, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the implementation of this section. 
 (d)  Termination .— (1)  In general .— Except as provided in paragraph (2), the cross-functional team under this section shall terminate on October 31, 2028. 
 (2)  Extension authority .— The Secretary of Defense may extend the date of termination under paragraph (1) as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (e)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; and 
 (2)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.