SEC. 1518.  Deadlines. 22 USC 3351 note . MILITARY CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION WITH TAIWAN. (a)  Requirement .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in coordination with the Commander of the United States Cyber Command and the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, shall seek to engage with appropriate officials of Taiwan for the purpose of cooperating  137 STAT. 550 
with the military forces of Taiwan on defensive military cybersecurity activities. 
 (b)  Identification of Activities .— In cooperating on defensive military cybersecurity activities with the military forces of Taiwan under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense may carry out efforts to identify cooperative activities to— (1)  defend military networks, infrastructure, and systems; 
 (2)  counter malicious cyber activity that has compromised such military networks, infrastructure, and systems; 
 (3)  leverage United States commercial and military cybersecurity technology and services to harden and defend such military networks, infrastructure, and systems; and 
 (4)  conduct combined cybersecurity training activities and exercises. 
 
 (c)  Briefings .— (1)  Requirement .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the implementation of this section. 
 (2)  Contents .— The briefing under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A description of the feasibility and advisability of cooperating with the Ministry of Defense of Taiwan on the defensive military cybersecurity activities identified pursuant to subsection (b). 
 (B)  An identification of any challenges and resources that would be needed to addressed to conduct such cooperative activities. 
 (C)  Overview. An overview of efforts undertaken pursuant to this section. 
 (D)  Any other matters the Secretary determines relevant. 
 
 
 (d)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate.