SEC. 1513.  10 USC note  prec. 3241. PILOT PROGRAM RELATING TO SEMICONDUCTOR SUPPLY CHAIN AND CYBERSECURITY COLLABORATION CENTER. (a)  Deadline. Contracts. Establishment .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of the National Security Agency, shall commence the conduct of a pilot program under which the Cybersecurity Collaboration Center of the National Security Agency may collaborate with, including by entering into contracts or other agreements with, eligible persons under subsection (c), for the purpose of assessing the feasibility and advisability of improving the cybersecurity of the semiconductor supply chain (in this section referred to as the “pilot program”). 
 (b)  Program Objectives .— Under the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to improve the cybersecurity of the supply chain for the design, manufacturing, assembly, packaging, and testing of semiconductors, including through the following: (1)  Improving the cybersecurity of processes for such design, manufacturing, assembly, packaging, and testing. 
 (2)  Protecting against cyber-driven intellectual property theft with respect to such design, manufacturing, assembly, packaging, and testing. 137 STAT. 544 
 (3)  Reducing the risk of disruptions caused by cyberattacks to the supply chain for such design, manufacturing, assembly, packaging, and testing. 
 
 (c)  Eligibility .— A person is eligible to participate in the pilot program if such person— (1)  directly supports the design, manufacturing, assembly, packaging, or testing of semiconductors within the United States; and 
 (2)  provides semiconductor components for the Department of Defense, any national security system (as such term is defined in  section 3552(b) of title 44, United States Code ), or the defense industrial base. 
 
 (d)  Deadlines. Briefings .— (1)  Initial briefing .— (A)  In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees an initial briefing on the pilot program. 
 (B)  Elements .— The briefing under subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i)  A description of the status of the implementation of the pilot program. 
 (ii)  An identification of key priorities for the pilot program. 
 (iii)  An identification of any challenges to implementing the pilot program or impediments to participation in the pilot program by eligible persons under subsection (c). 
 
 
 (2)  Annual briefings .— (A)  In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the initial briefing under paragraph (1), and annually thereafter until the date of termination under subsection (f), the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the progress of the pilot program. 
 (B)  Elements .— Each briefing under subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for addressing relevant policy, budgetary, security, and legislative gaps to increase the effectiveness of the pilot program, including, with respect to the first briefing under such subparagraph, an assessment of the resources necessary for successful implementation of the pilot program. 
 (ii)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for increasing participation in the pilot program by eligible persons under subsection (c). 
 (iii)  A description of any challenges encountered in carrying out the pilot program, including any concerns expressed by manufacturers of semiconductors or suppliers of semiconductor components. 
 (iv)  The findings of the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of the National Security Agency, with respect to the feasibility and advisability of extending or expanding the pilot program. 
 (v)  Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. 137 STAT. 545 
 
 
 
 (e)  Termination .— The pilot program shall terminate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (f)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.