SEC. 1686.  Requirements. 10 USC 2224 note . ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SERIOUS DEFICIENCIES IN ELECTRONIC PROTECTION OF SYSTEMS THAT OPERATE IN THE RADIO FREQUENCY SPECTRUM. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall— (1)  establish requirements for and assign sufficient priority to ensuring electronic protection of military sensor, navigation, and communications systems and subsystems against jamming, spoofing, and unintended interference from military systems of the United States and foreign adversaries; and 
 (2)  provide management oversight and supervision of the military departments to ensure military systems that emit and receive radio frequencies are protected against threats and interference from United States and foreign adversary military systems operating in the same or adjacent radio frequencies. 
 
 (b)  Deadlines. Specific Required Actions .— The Secretary of Defense shall require the military departments and combat support agencies to carry out the following activities: (1)  Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, develop and approve requirements, through the Joint Requirements Oversight Council as appropriate, for every radar, signals intelligence, navigation, and communications system and subsystem subject to the Global Force Management process to ensure such systems and subsystems are able to withstand threat-realistic levels of jamming, spoofing, and unintended interference, including self-generated interference. 
 (2)  Time period. Not less frequently than once every 4 years, test each system and subsystem described in paragraph (1) at a test range that permits threat-realistic electronic warfare attacks against the system or subsystem by a red team or simulated opposition force, with the first set of highest priority systems to be initially tested by not later than the end of fiscal year 2025. 
 (3)  With respect to each system and subsystem described in paragraph (1) that fails to meet electronic protection requirements during testing conducted under paragraph (2)— (A)  not later than 3 years after the initial failed test, retrofit the system or subsystem with electronic protection measures that can withstand threat-realistic jamming, spoofing, and unintended interference; and 
 (B)  not later than 4 years after the initial failed test, retest such systems and subsystems. 
 
 (4)  Survey. Survey, identify, and test available technology that can be practically and affordably retrofitted on the systems and subsystems described in paragraph (1) and which provides  137 STAT. 621 
robust protection against threat-realistic jamming, spoofing, and unintended interference. 
 (5)  Design and build electronic protection into ongoing and future development programs to withstand expected jamming and spoofing threats and unintended interference. 
 
 (c)  Process. Waiver .— The Secretary of Defense may establish a process for issuing waivers, on a case-by-case basis, for the testing requirement under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and for the retrofit requirement under paragraph (3) of such subsection. 
 (d)  Time periods. Annual Reports .— Concurrent with the submission of the budget of the President to Congress pursuant to  section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code , for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2030, the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation shall submit to the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee of the Department of Defense and the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a comprehensive annual report that— (1)  Summary. aggregates and summarizes information received from the military departments and combat support agencies for purposes of the preparation of the report; and 
 (2)  includes a description of— (A)  the activities carried out to implement the requirements of this section; 
 (B)  the systems and subsystems subject to testing in the previous year and the results of such tests, including a description of the requirements for electronic protection established for the tested systems and subsystems; and 
 (C)  each waiver issued in the previous year with respect to such requirements, together with a detailed rationale for the waiver and a plan for addressing any issues that formed the basis of the waiver request.