SEC. 1076.  COMPREHENSIVE ASSESSMENT OF MARINE CORPS FORCE DESIGN 2030. (a)  Deadline. Contracts. Review. Analysis. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center for the conduct of an independent review, assessment, and analysis of the modernization initiatives of the Marine Corps. The agreement shall provide that not later than one year after the date on which the Secretary and the center enter into the agreement, the center shall provide to the Secretary a report on the findings of the review, assessment, and analysis. Upon receipt of the report, the Secretary shall transmit the report to the congressional defense committees. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  An assessment of changes in the National Defense Strategy, Defense Planning Guidance, the Joint Warfighting Concept, and other strategic documents and concepts that informed Force Design modernization requirements. 137 STAT. 412 
 (2)  An assessment of how the Marine Corps, consistent with authorized end strength, can be structured, organized, trained, equipped, and postured to meet the challenges of future competition, crisis, and conflict to include discussion of multiple structural options as relevant and the tradeoffs between different options. 
 (3)  An assessment of the ability of the defense innovation base and defense industrial base to develop and produce the technologies required to implement the Force Design modernization plan published by the Marine Corps on a timeline and at production rates sufficient to sustain military operations. 
 (4)  An assessment of forward infrastructure and the extent to which installations are operationalized to deter, compete, and prevail during conflict in support of the Marine Corps modernization. 
 (5)  An assessment of whether the Marine Corps is in compliance with the statutory organization and functions prescribed in  section 8063 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (6)  An assessment of the current retention and recruiting environment and the ability of the Marine Corps to sustain manpower requirements necessary for operational requirements levied by  title 10, United States Code , in light of the published Force Design plan. 
 (7)  The extent to which the modernization initiatives within the Marine Corps are nested within applicable joint warfighting concepts. 
 (8)  An assessment of whether the modernization of the Marine Corps is consistent with the strategy of integrated deterrence. 
 (9)  An assessment of the ability of the Marine Corps to generate required force elements for the Immediate Ready Force and the Contingency Ready Force, based on current and planned end strength and structure. 
 (10)  The extent to which the plan for modernized capabilities published by the Marine Corps can be integrated across the Joint Force, including warfighting concepts at the combatant command level. 
 (11)  The extent to which the modernization efforts of the Marine Corps currently meet the requirements of the current plans of the combatant commanders and global force management operations, including a description of any mechanisms that exist to ensure geographic combatant requirements inform Marine Corps modernization efforts. 
 (12)  The extent to which modeling and simulation, experimentation, wargaming, and other analytic methods support the changes incorporated into the modernization initiatives of the Marine Corps, including the underlying assumptions and outcomes of such analyses. 
 (13)  Inventory. An inventory of extant or planned investments as part of the modernization efforts of the Marine Corps, disaggregated by the following capability areas and including actual or projected dates of Initial Operational Capability and Full Operational Capability: (A)  Command and Control. 
 (B)  Information. 
 (C)  Intelligence. 
 (D)  Fires. 137 STAT. 413 
 (E)  Movement and Maneuver. 
 (F)  Protection. 
 (G)  Sustainment. 
 
 (14)  Inventory. An inventory of divestments of capability or capacity, whether force structure or equipment, starting in fiscal year 2020, including— (A)  Timeline. a timeline of the progress of each divestment; 
 (B)  the type of force structure or equipment divested or reduced; 
 (C)  the percentage of force structure of equipment divested or reduced, including any equipment entered into inventory management or other form of storage; 
 (D)  the rationale and context behind such divestment; and 
 (E)  an identification of whether such divestment affects the ability of the Marine Corps to meet the requirements of Global Force Management process and the operational plans. 
 
 (15)  An assessment of how observations regarding the invasion and defense of Ukraine affect the feasibility, advisability, and suitability of the modernization plans published by the Marine Corps. 
 
 (c)  Classification of Report .— The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified appendix to the extent required to ensure that the report is accurate and complete.