SEC. 1229.  10 USC note prec. 2001. Reviews. PROTECTION AND LEGAL PREPAREDNESS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ABROAD. (a)  Review and Briefing Required .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than December 31, 2024, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall— (A)  review the legal protections afforded by bilateral agreements between the United States and the countries listed in paragraph (2), and how the rights and privileges afforded under such agreements may differ from United States law; and 
 (B)  brief the appropriate congressional committees on the findings of the review. 
 
 (2)  Countries listed .— The countries listed in this paragraph are the following: (A)  Australia. 
 (B)  Bahrain. 
 (C)  Germany. 
 (D)  Italy. 
 (E)  Japan. 
 (F)  Kuwait. 
 (G)  Qatar. 
 (H)  South Korea. 
 (I)  Spain. 
 (J)  Turkey. 
 (K)  The United Kingdom. 137 STAT. 457 
 (L)  Any other country the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate. 
 
 (3)  Matters to be included .— The review required by paragraph (1)(A) shall address whether the legal protections afforded by bilateral agreements between the United States and the countries listed in paragraph (2) provide members of the Armed Forces who are stationed in the country, and the spouses and dependents of such members who are covered by the agreements, with the right to legal counsel, access to competent language translation services, a prompt and speedy trial, the right to be confronted with witnesses against the member, spouse, or dependent, and a compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in favor of the member, spouse, or dependent if the witness is located in the jurisdiction of the country. 
 (4)  Appropriate congressional committees defined .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
 
 
 (b)  Training Required .— The Secretary of Defense shall review and improve as necessary training and educational materials for members of the Armed Forces who are stationed in a country reviewed pursuant to subsection (a)(1)(A), and the spouses and dependents of such members who are covered by the agreements, regarding relevant foreign laws, how such foreign laws may differ from the laws of the United States, and the rights of accused in common scenarios under such foreign laws. 
 (c)  Translation Standards and Readiness .— The Secretary of Defense shall review foreign language standards for members of the Armed Forces and employees of the Department of Defense who are responsible for providing foreign language translation services in situations involving foreign law enforcement where such a member or employee may be being detained, to ensure such members and employees maintain an appropriate proficiency in the legal terminology and meaning of essential terms in a relevant language.