SEC. 1077.  Time periods. ASSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS RELATING TO INFRASTRUCTURE, CAPACITY, RESOURCES, AND PERSONNEL ON GUAM. (a)  Time period. Assessment .— The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command, shall assess the infrastructure, capacity, resource, and personnel requirements for Guam during fiscal years 2024 through 2029 to meet United States strategic objectives. 
 (b)  Elements .— The assessment under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  Appraisal. An appraisal of the potential role Guam could play as a key logistics and operational hub for the United States military in the Indo-Pacific region. 
 (2)  An assessment of whether current Department of Defense infrastructure, capacity, resources, and personnel in Guam are sufficient to meet the expected demands during relevant operations and contingency scenarios. 
 (3)  An assessment of the adequacy of civilian infrastructure in Guam for supporting the requirements of United States Indo-Pacific Command, including— (A)  the resilience of such infrastructure in the event of a natural disaster; and 
 (B)  the vulnerability of such infrastructure to cyber threats. 
 
 (4)  Plan. Timeline. A plan, including timelines and associated estimated costs, to improve Department of Defense infrastructure, capacity, resources, and personnel in Guam during fiscal years 2024 through 2029 to meet United States Indo-Pacific Command strategic objectives, including the need for Department of Defense civilian recruiting and retention programs, such  137 STAT. 414 
as cost-of-living adjustments, initiatives for dealing with any shortages of civilian employees, and programs to improve quality-of-life for personnel assigned to Guam. 
 (5)  An assessment of the implementation of Joint Task Force Micronesia. 
 (6)  Any other matters determined relevant by the Secretary. 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report including the results of the assessment required under subsection (a).