SEC. 1533.  POST-GRADUATE EMPLOYMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER SERVICE ACADEMY SCHOLARSHIP RECIPIENTS IN INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.   Section 1535 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ;  10 U.S.C. 2200 note )  is amended — (1)  in the section heading, by  striking  “ Department of Defense Cyber and Digital Service Academy ” and  inserting  “ department of defense cyber service academy ”; 
 (2)  in subsection (a)— (A)  in paragraph (1), by  inserting  “ , the heads of the elements of the intelligence community, ” after “ the Secretary of Homeland Security ”; and 
 (B)  in paragraph (3), by  striking  “ Department of Defense Cyber and Digital Service Academy ” and  inserting  “ Department of Defense Cyber Service Academy ”; 
 
 (3)  in subsection (d)— (A)  by  inserting  “ or an element of the intelligence community ” after “ missions of the Department ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ Secretary ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ head concerned ”; 
 
 (4)  in subsection (e)— (A)  by  striking  “ Secretary ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ head concerned ”; and 
 (B)  by  inserting  “ , or within an element of the intelligence community, as the case may be ” after “ United States Code ”; 
 
 (5)  in subsections (h), (j), and (k), by  striking  “ Secretary ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ head concerned ”; and 
 (6)  by  adding  at the end of the following new subsections: “(p)  Interagency Considerations .— “(1)  In general .— Subject to paragraph (2), a scholarship recipient may satisfy their post-award employment obligation under this section by working for an element of the intelligence community that is not part of the Department of Defense only if— “(A)  Contracts. the Secretary of Defense has entered into an agreement with the head of that element authorizing the placement of scholarship recipients under the Program in positions within that element; 
 “(B)  Reimbursement. under such agreement, the head of that element has agreed to reimburse the Department of Defense for the scholarship program costs associated with any scholarship recipient so placed; and 
 “(C)  the scholarship recipient has satisfied appropriate hiring criteria and security clearance requirements applicable to that element. 
 
 “(2)  Limitation on percentage per graduating class .— Not  Certification. more than 10 percent of each graduating class of scholarship recipients under the Program may be placed in positions not within the Department of Defense unless the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a certification that the Department of Defense is unable to facilitate placements in positions within the Department of Defense for such excess percentage. 
 
 “(q)  Definitions .— In this section: 137 STAT. 566 “(1)  The term ‘ head concerned ’ means— “(A)  The Secretary of Defense, with respect to matters concerning the Department of Defense; or 
 “(B)  the head of an element of the intelligence community, with respect to matters concerning that element. 
 
 “(2)  The term ‘ intelligence community ’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 ).” 
 
 .