SEC. 1670.  REPORT ON POTENTIAL ENHANCEMENTS TO INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITIES IN EUROPE. (a)  In General .— Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the officials specified in subsection (c), shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on potential enhancements to U.S. and allied air and missile defense capabilities that could contribute to the integrated air and missile defense capability of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include— (1)  identification of potential enhancements to U.S. and allied air and missile defense capabilities as described in such subsection taking into account a 360-degree approach tailored to address threats to NATO member nations emanating from all strategic directions; 
 (2)  a description of— (A)  the efforts of NATO to increase its integrated air and missile defense capability, taking into account, as applicable— (i)  NATO’s Deterrence and Defense of the Euro-Atlantic Area Family of Plans; 
 (ii)  NATO’s Defense Planning Process; and 
 (iii)  other activities of NATO relating to such capability; and 
 
 (B)  any challenges to such efforts; 
 
 (3)  an assessment of the operational, political, and technical feasibility and advisability of developing, fielding, modifying, integrating, or otherwise employing current and future U.S. and allied air and missile defense capabilities to further improve the ability of the integrated air and missile defense capability of NATO to protect against any type of air or missile threat or attack (such as threats and attacks from cruise, ballistic, and hypersonic missiles), including— 137 STAT. 610 (A)  sensors to detect, track, discriminate, and support the engagement of multi-axial air and missile threats; 
 (B)  defensive interceptor systems; 
 (C)  passive defense options; and 
 (D)  command and control elements; 
 
 (4)  Costs. a funding profile, by year, detailing the complete costs to the United States associated with the options assessed under paragraph (3); and 
 (5)  such other information as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Consultation .— In preparing the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall seek advice and input from— (1)  the Secretary of State; 
 (2)  Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff; 
 (3)  the Commander of the United States European Command; and 
 (4)  the Director of the Missile Defense Agency. 
 
 (d)  Form of Report .— The report required by section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (e)  Definition .— In this section, the term “ U.S. and allied air and missile defense capabilities ” means air and missile defense capabilities of— (1)  the United States; and 
 (2)  nations that are allies or partners of the United States.