SEC. 1317.  REPORT ON ENHANCED SECURITY COOPERATION WITH JAPAN. (a)  In General .— Not later than June 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on enhancing United States security cooperation with Japan. 
 (b)  Elements .— At a minimum, the report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  A description of the activities and investments the Department of Defense will implement for— (A)  increased bilateral training, exercises, combined patrols, and other activities between the United States Armed Forces and the Self-Defense Forces of Japan; 
 (B)  improving information-sharing mechanisms and processes, including the adoption of enhanced security protocols; and 
 (C)  enhancing cooperation on advanced technology initiatives. 
 
 (2)  Analysis. An analysis of the feasibility and advisability of— (A)  modifying United States command structures in Japan— (i)  to coordinate United States military activities and operations; 
 (ii)  to complement similar changes by the Self-Defense Forces of Japan; and 
 (iii)  to facilitate integrated planning and implementation of combined activities; and 
 
 (B)  additional modifications to the force posture of the United States Armed Forces in Japan. 
 
 (3)  An identification of challenges to the implementation of the activities and investments described in paragraph (1) and any recommended legislative changes, resourcing requirements, bilateral agreements, or other measures that would facilitate the implementation of such activities and investments. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives.