SEC. 1069.  UPDATE TO STRATEGIC PLAN ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE COMBATING TRAFFICKING IN PERSONS PROGRAM. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall update the strategic plan for the combating trafficking in persons program of the Department of Defense. 
 (b)  Elements of Plan .— The updated strategic plan required under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: (1)  Assessment. An assessment of the efforts of the Department of Defense to combat trafficking in persons in areas with high populations of members of the United States Armed Forces, including in overseas locations. 
 (2)  Review. A review of the coordination of efforts of the Department to combat trafficking in persons across the military departments in areas where multiple military departments operate bases. 
 (3)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for improved cooperation with local communities and relevant Federal, State, and local law enforcement agencies in addressing trafficking in persons. 137 STAT. 406 
 (4)  Review. A review of new methods and concepts for combating trafficking in persons that the Department has implemented since the previous strategic plan. 
 (5)  A description of plans of the Department to adapt innovative approaches, and integrate new technologies. 
 (6)  Analysis. An analysis of Department capabilities to combat child sexual abuse and exploitation in areas with high populations of members of the United States Armed Forces, including overseas locations. 
 (7)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for programs to educate members of the United States Armed Forces on how to identify and report instances of child sexual abuse and exploitation, both online and in-person, to the appropriate law enforcement agency. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than June 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the updated strategic plan required under subsection (a). 
 (d)  Definition. Appropriate Congressional Committees .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives; and 
 (2)  the Committee Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate.