SEC. 1119.  EXPANSION OF NONCOMPETITIVE APPOINTMENT ELIGIBILITY TO SPOUSES OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CIVILIANS. (a)  In General .— Section 3330d of title 5, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in the section heading, by  inserting  “ and Department of Defense civilian ” after “ military ”; 
 (2)  in subsection (a), by  adding  at the end the following: “(4)  Definition. The term ‘ spouse of an employee of the Department of Defense ’ means an individual who is married to an employee of the Department of Defense who is transferred in the interest of the Government from one official station within the Department to another within the Department (that is outside of normal commuting distance) for permanent duty.” 
 ; and 
 (3)  in subsection (b)— (A)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ or ” at the end; 
 (B)  in paragraph (2), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; or ”; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(3)  a spouse of an employee of the Department of Defense.” 
 . 
 
 
 (b)  Technical and Conforming Amendment .— The table of sections for  subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code , 5 USC prec. 3301.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 3330d and  inserting  the following: 
 
 “3330d.  
 Appointment of military and Department of Defense civilian spouses.”. 
 
 
 (c)  5 USC 3330d note . OPM Limitation and Reports .— (1)  Relocating spouses .— With respect to the noncompetitive appointment of a relocating spouse of an employee of the Department of Defense under paragraph (3) of section  137 STAT. 435 
3330d(b) of  title 5, United States Code , as added by subsection (a), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall— (A)  monitor the number of those appointments; 
 (B)  Requirement. require the head of each agency with the authority to make those appointments under that provision to submit to the Director an annual report on those appointments, including information on the number of individuals so appointed, the types of positions filled, and the effectiveness of the authority for those appointments; and 
 (C)  not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, submit, to the Committees on Armed Services and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committees on Armed Services and Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives, a report on the use and effectiveness of the authority described in subparagraph (B). 
 
 (2)  Non-relocating spouses .— With respect to the noncompetitive appointment of a spouse of an employee of the Department of Defense other than a relocating spouse described in paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management— (A)  shall treat the spouse as a relocating spouse under paragraph (1); and 
 (B)  may limit the number of those appointments. 
 
 
 (d)  5 USC 3330d note . Sunset .— Effective on December 31, 2028— (1)  the authority provided by this section, and the amendments made by this section, shall expire; and 
 (2)  the provisions of  section 3330d of title 5, United States Code , amended or  repealed  by this section are restored or revived as if this section had not been enacted.