SEC. 1268.  EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. (a)  Matters to Be Included .— Subsection (b) of section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ) 10 USC 113 note .   is amended — (1)  in paragraph (2)(D), by  inserting  after “ Iran’s conventional forces ” the following: “ and Iran’s unconventional or parallel military forces ”; 
 (2)  in paragraph (4)— (A)  in subparagraph (B), by  striking  “ missile launch sites ” and  inserting  “ missile launch and storage sites ”; 
 (B)  in subparagraph (C), by  striking  “ ; and ” at the end; 
 (C)  in subparagraph (D), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  a semicolon; and 
 (D)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(E)  Assessment. an assessment of Iran’s space launch vehicle program and the ability of Iran to use those technologies to develop and field an intercontinental ballistic missile; 
 “(F)  a detailed analysis of the effectiveness of Iran’s drone forces; and 
 “(G)  Estimate. a description or estimation of the threat posed by Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps to European citizens or to member countries of the European Union.” 
 ; 
 
 (3)  in paragraph (7), by  inserting  “ the People’s Republic of China, ” before “ Cuba ”; and 
 (4)  Assessments. by  adding  at the end the following: “(9)  An assessment of the threat posed by Iran against United States and partner military bases, to include missile, unmanned aircraft systems, and loitering munition attacks. 
 “(10)  An assessment of the sale, supply, or transfer of narcotics in the Middle East region by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and Iran backed groups. 
 “(11)  An assessment of groups that are supported by Iran and designated by the United States as foreign terrorist organizations and regional military groups, including Hezbollah, Hamas, the Houthis, and the Special Groups in Iraq, in particular those forces as having been assessed as to be willing to carry out terrorist operations on behalf of Iran. 
 “(12)  An assessment of how Iran would utilize additional resources to further activities described in paragraphs (1) through (9).” 
 . 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— Subsection (c)(1)(B) of such section  is amended  to read as follows: “(B)  includes all branches and sub-branches of Iran’s national army or Artesh, such as its ground forces, air force, navy, and air defense forces as well as most branches of its parallel military, and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps excluding its Quds-Force.” 
 .