SEC. 1713.  DEFINITIONS FOR SINGLE PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FOR THE SPACE FORCE. (a)  Space Force Definitions .— Section 101 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  subsections (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (f), (g), and (h), respectively; and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after subsection (d) the following new subsection (e): “(e)  Space Force .— The following definitions relating to members of the Space Force apply in this title: “(1)  The term ‘ space force active status ’ means the status of a member of the Space Force who is not in a space force inactive status and is not retired. 
 “(2)  The term ‘ space force inactive status ’ means the status of a member of the Space Force who is designated by the Secretary of the Air Force, under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, as being in a space force inactive status. 
 “(3)  The term ‘ space force retired status ’ means the status of a member of the Space Force who— “(A)  is receiving retired pay ; or 137 STAT. 626 
 “(B)  but for being under the eligibility age applicable under section 12731 of this title, would be eligible for retired pay under chapter 1223 of this title. 
 
 “(4)  The term ‘ sustained duty ’ means full-time duty by a member of the Space Force ordered to such duty by an authority designated by the Secretary of the Air Force— “(A)  in the case of an officer— “(i)  to fulfill the terms of an active-duty service commitment incurred by the officer under any provision of law; or 
 “(ii)  with the consent of the officer; and 
 
 “(B)  in the case of an enlisted member, with the consent of the enlisted member as specified in the terms of the member’s enlistment or reenlistment agreement.” 
 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  Amendments to Existing Duty Status Definitions .— Subsection (d) of such section  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1), by  inserting  “ , including sustained duty in the Space Force ” after “ United States ”; and 
 (2)  in paragraph (7), by  inserting  “ , or a member of the Space Force, ” after “ Reserves ” in subparagraphs (A) and (B).