SEC. 1504.  QUARTERLY BRIEFINGS ON JOINT ALL DOMAIN COMMAND AND CONTROL EFFORT.   Section 1076 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  134 Stat. 3866 )  is amended — 137 STAT. 539 (1)  by  amending  subsection (a) to read as follows: “(a)  Quarterly Briefings .— “(1)  Time period. In general .— During the period beginning on October 1, 2021, and ending on October 1, 2028, the Deputy Secretary of Defense, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer of the Department of Defense, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, and a senior military service representative for each of the Armed Forces shall provide to the congressional defense committees quarterly briefings on the progress of the Joint All Domain Command and Control (in this section referred to as ‘JADC2’) effort of the Department of Defense. 
 “(2)  Annual participation by certain combatant commands .— For each fiscal year during the period specified in paragraph (1), a senior representative from each of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, United States Central Command, and United States European Command shall participate in the provision of the first quarterly briefing under such paragraph following the submission of the budget of the President to Congress under  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code , for that fiscal year.” 
 
 ; and 
 (2)  in subsection (b), by  adding  at the end the following new paragraphs: “(7)  A detailed programmatic table of the funding for the JADC2 efforts of the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the military departments, as set forth in the budget of the President most recently submitted to Congress under  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code . The information in such table shall be organized primarily by key programs, projects, and activities (such as data integration layer, joint operating system, global experimentation, and mission command applications). 
 “(8)  Summary. A detailed summary of the lessons learned from large-scale exercises and experiments relevant to the JADC2 effort conducted during the period covered by the briefing.” 
 .