SEC. 1304.  10 USC 333 note . INDO-PACIFIC CAMPAIGNING INITIATIVE. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish, and the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command shall carry out, an Indo-Pacific Campaigning Initiative (in this section referred to as the “Initiative”) for purposes of— (1)  strengthening United States alliances and partnerships with foreign military partners in the Indo-Pacific region; 137 STAT. 490 
 (2)  deterring military aggression by potential adversaries against the United States and allies and partners of the United States; 
 (3)  dissuading strategic competitors from seeking to achieve their objectives through the conduct of military activities below the threshold of traditional armed conflict; 
 (4)  improving the understanding of the United States Armed Forces with respect to the operating environment in the Indo-Pacific region; 
 (5)  shaping the perception of potential adversaries with respect to United States military capabilities and the military capabilities of allies and partners of the United States in the Indo-Pacific region; and 
 (6)  improving the ability of the United States Armed Forces to coordinate and operate with foreign military partners in the Indo-Pacific region. 
 
 (b)  Briefing and Report .— (1)  Briefing .— Not later than March 1, 2024, the Secretary shall provide the congressional defense committees with a briefing that describes ongoing and planned campaigning activities in the Indo-Pacific region for fiscal year 2024. 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than December 1, 2024, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that— (A)  Summaries. summarizes the campaigning activities conducted in the Indo-Pacific region during fiscal year 2024; and 
 (B)  includes— (i)  Assessment. an assessment of the value each such activity contributes to meeting strategic or operational objectives relative to the commitment of resources of such activity; 
 (ii)  lessons learned in carrying out such activities; 
 (iii)  any identified resource or authority gap that has negatively impacted the implementation of the Initiative; and 
 (iv)  Plans. proposed plans for additional campaigning activities in the Indo-Pacific region to fulfill the purposes described in subsection (a). 
 
 
 
 (c)  Campaigning Defined .— In this section, the term “ campaigning ”— (1)  means the conduct and sequencing of logically linked military activities to achieve strategy aligned objectives, including modifying the security environment over time to the benefit of the United States and the allies and partners of the United States while limiting, frustrating, and disrupting competitor activities; and 
 (2)  includes deliberately planned military activities in the Indo-Pacific region involving bilateral and multilateral engagements with foreign partners, training, exercises, demonstrations, experiments, and other activities to achieve the objectives described in subsection (a).