SEC. 1013.  DISRUPTION OF FENTANYL TRAFFICKING. (a)  Development of Strategy to Counter Fentanyl Trafficking .— (1)  Strategy . Deadline. — Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General and in coordination with appropriate Federal, State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies, shall develop and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy to address threats to the national security of the United States caused or exacerbated by fentanyl trafficking. 
 (2)  Contents .— The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall outline how the Secretary of Defense will— (A)  leverage existing authorities regarding counterdrug and counter-transnational organized crime activities with a counter-fentanyl nexus to detect and monitor activities related to fentanyl trafficking; 
 (B)  leverage existing authorities, as appropriate, to support operations to counter fentanyl trafficking carried out by Federal, State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies, or foreign security forces; 
 (C)  Coordination. Data. coordinate efforts of the Department of Defense for the detection and monitoring of aerial, maritime, and surface traffic suspected of carrying fentanyl bound for the United States, including efforts to unify the use of technology, surveillance, and related resources across air and maritime domains to counter fentanyl trafficking, including with respect to data collection, data processing, and integrating sensors across such domains, consistent with paragraphs (6) and (10) of  section 284(b) of title 10, United States Code , and  section 124 of title 10, United States Code ; 
 (D)  provide Department of Defense-specific capabilities to support activities by the United States Government and foreign security forces to detect and monitor the trafficking of fentanyl and precursor chemicals used in fentanyl production, consistent with relevant existing law; 137 STAT. 381 
 (E)  leverage existing counterdrug and counter-transnational organized crime programs of the Department to counter fentanyl trafficking; 
 (F)  Assessment. assess existing training programs of the Department and assess whether opportunities exist for the provision of training for Federal, State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies to counter fentanyl trafficking, consistent with  section 284(b)(5) of title 10, United States Code ; 
 (G)  engage with foreign security forces to ensure the counterdrug and counter-transnational organized crime programs of the Department— (i)  support efforts to counter fentanyl trafficking; and 
 (ii)  build capacity to interdict fentanyl in foreign countries, including programs to train security forces in partner countries to counter fentanyl trafficking, including countering illicit flows of fentanyl precursors, consistent with sections 284(c) and 333 of  title 10, United States Code ; 
 
 (H)  Canada. Mexico. increase domain awareness to detect and monitor fentanyl trafficking through the North American Defense Ministerial and the bilateral defense working groups and bilateral military cooperation roundtables with Canada and Mexico; 
 (I)  Evaluation. evaluate existing policies, procedures, processes, resources, and existing joint interagency task forces focused on supporting the countering of fentanyl trafficking by Federal, State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies, consistent with existing counterdrug and counter-transnational organized crime authorities; 
 (J)  describe any previous actions taken by the Department of Defense in cyberspace to counter illegal activities by transnational criminal organizations that traffic fentanyl; and 
 (K)  Assessment. assess the resources that the Secretary can deploy to counter transnational criminal organizations’ cyber activities. 
 
 (3)  Form .— The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (4)  Briefing . Deadline. — Not later than 60 days after the submission of the strategy required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the strategy and plans for its implementation. 
 
 (b)  10 USC 284 note . Cooperation With Mexico .— The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enhance cooperation with defense officials of the Government of Mexico to target, disrupt, and degrade transnational criminal organizations within Mexico that traffic fentanyl. 
 (c)  Definition of Appropriate Congressional Committees .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; 137 STAT. 382 
 (4)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; 
 (5)  the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and 
 (6)  the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives.