SEC. 1111.  ASSESSMENTS OF STAFFING IN OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PERSONNEL AND READINESS. (a)  In General .— (1)  DOD assessment .— The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment of personnel requirements in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness against existing personnel of the Office. The assessment should include military, civilian, and contractor personnel. For purposes of carrying out such assessment, the head of the Office shall submit to the Secretary the alignment of total force manpower resources of the Office against core missions, tasks, and functions, including a mapping of missions to the originating statute or Department policy. 
 (2)  Office assessment .— The head of the Office shall conduct an assessment on the tasks, functions, and associated civilian personnel the Office believes are necessary to perform the duties of the Office. 
 (3)  Determination. DOD analysis .— The Secretary shall determine whether there is any conflict between the assessment conducted under paragraph (1) and the assessment under paragraph (2), and what personnel actions (if any) the Secretary will take to eliminate such conflict. 
 
 (b)  Interim Briefing and Report .— (1)  Interim briefing .— Not later than April 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense  137 STAT. 429 
committees an interim briefing on the assessments under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Final report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the assessments under subsection (a). Such report shall include the following: (A)  An assessment of every military, civilian, and contractor personnel position and billet (funded and unfunded, filled and unfilled) in the Office against existing personnel requirements. 
 (B)  The methodology and process through which such assessment was performed. 
 (C)  Analysis. Relevant statistical analysis on personnel position fill rates against validated requirements. 
 (D)  Analysis. Analysis of each position, grade, and rank, and whether the position description, grade, and rank match the function and task requirements of the position. 
 (E)  Plan. Plan to update rank, grades, and position descriptions to meet current and future requirements, tasks, and functions. 
 (F)  Recommenda- tions. Any legislative, policy or budgetary recommendations of the Secretary related to the subject matter of the report. 
 
 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section— (1)  the term “ civil service ” has the meaning given that term in  section 2101 of title 5, United States Code ; and 
 (2)  the term “ Office ” means the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness.