SEC. 1805.  IMPROVEMENTS TO DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS-DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE JOINT EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.    Section 320 of title 38, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a)— (A)  in paragraph (2)— (i)  in subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ ; and ” and  inserting  a semicolon; 
 (ii)  in subparagraph (B), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  a semicolon; and 
 (iii)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraphs: “(C)  the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Veterans’ Employment and Training and such other officers and employees of the Department of Labor as the Secretary of Labor may designate; and 
 “(D)  Determination. such officers and employees of other Executive agencies as the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense jointly determine, with the consent of the heads of the Executive agencies of such officers and employees, necessary to carry out the goals and objectives of the Committee.” 
 ; 
 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(3)  The co-chairs of the Committee are the Deputy Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness.” 
 ; 
 
 (2)  in subsection (b)(2), by  striking  “ Job Training and Post-Service Placement Executive Committee ” and  inserting  “ Transition Executive Committee ”; 
 (3)  in subsection (d), by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: 137 STAT. 688 
 “(6)  Determination. Develop, implement, and oversee such other joint actions, initiatives, programs, and policies as the two Secretaries determine appropriate and consistent with the purpose of the Committee.” 
 ; and 
 (4)  in subsection (e)— (A)  in the subsection heading, by  striking  “ Job Training and Post-Service Placement ” and  inserting  “ Transition ”; 
 (B)  in the matter before paragraph (1)— (i)  by  striking  “ Job Training and Post-Service Placement ” and  inserting  “ Transition ”; 
 (ii)  by  inserting  “ , in addition to such other activities as may assigned to the committee under subsection (d)(6) ” after “ shall ”; and 
 
 (C)  in paragraph (2), by  inserting  “ , transition from life in the Armed Forces to civilian life, ” after “ job training ”.