SEC. 1082.  MODIFICATION OF COMPENSATION FOR MEMBERS OF THE AFGHANISTAN WAR COMMISSION. (a)  Compensation .— Section 1094(g)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  135 Stat. 1942 )  is amended  to read as follows: “(1)  Compensation of members .— “(A)  Non-federal employees .— A member of the Commission who is not an officer or employee of the Federal Government shall be compensated at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level IV of the Executive Schedule under  section 5315 of title 5, United States Code , for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Commission. 
 “(B)  Federal employees .— “(i)  In general .— A member of the Commission who is an employee of the Federal Government may be compensated as provided for under subparagraph (a) for periods of time during which the member is engaged in the performance of the duties of the Commission that fall outside of ordinary agency working hours, as determined by the employing agency of such member. 
 “(ii)  Rule of construction .— Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to authorize dual pay for work performed on behalf of the Commission and for a Federal agency during the same hours of the same day.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Travel Support .— Section 1050 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ;  136 Stat. 2775 ) 10 USC 2642 note .   is amended — (1)  in the section heading, by  striking  “ department of defense support ” and  inserting  “ executive branch support ”; 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subsection (b) as subsection (c); and 
 (3)  by  inserting  after subsection (a) the following new subsection: “(b)  Provision of Travel Support to Certain Commissions .— For the purpose of providing support to facilitate overseas travel requests from a legislative branch commission, or any commission so designated for support under this subsection jointly by the Majority Leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the Minority Leader of the Senate, and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall consider such requests as equivalent to a request from Congress, and apply the same standards in determining the extent to which such support may be provided under law and regulation. Any support so provided  137 STAT. 418 
shall be funded out of amounts appropriated for the operation of such commission.” 
 .