SEC. 2882.  DEVELOPMENT AND OPERATION OF MARINE CORPS HERITAGE CENTER AND NATIONAL MUSEUM OF THE MARINE CORPS. (a)  In General .— Chapter 861 of title 10, United States Code , 10 USC  prec. 8604.   is amended  by  inserting  after section 8617 the following new section: “§ 8618. 10 USC 8618 .  Marine Corps Heritage Center and National Museum of the Marine Corps at Marine Corps Base, Quantico, Virginia “(a)  Joint Venture for Development and Continued Maintenance and Operation .— The Secretary of the Navy may enter into a joint venture with the Marine Corps Heritage Foundation (in this section referred to as the ‘Foundation’), a not-for-profit entity, for the design, construction, and maintenance and operation of a multipurpose facility to be used for historical displays for public viewing, curation, and storage of artifacts, research facilities, classrooms, offices, and associated activities consistent with the mission of the Marine Corps University. The facility shall be known as the Marine Corps Heritage Center and the National Museum of the Marine Corps. 
 “(b)  Design and Construction .— For each phase of development of the facility described in subsection (a), the Secretary may— “(1)  permit the Foundation to contract for the design, construction, or both of such phase of development; or 
 “(2)  accept funds from the Foundation for the design, construction, or both of such phase of development. 137 STAT. 781 
 
 “(c)  Real property. Acceptance Authority .— Upon completion of construction of any phase of development of the facility described in subsection (a) by the Foundation to the satisfaction of the Secretary, and the satisfaction of any financial obligations incident thereto by the Foundation, the facility shall become the real property of the Department of the Navy with all right, title, and interest in and to facility being in the United States. 
 “(d)  Contracts. Maintenance, Operation, and Support .— (1)  The Secretary may, for the purpose of maintenance and operation of the Marine Corps Heritage Center and the National Museum of the Marine Corps— “(A)  enter into contracts or cooperative agreements, on a sole-source basis, with the Foundation for the procurement of property or services for the direct benefit or use of the Marine Corps Heritage Center and the National Museum of the Marine Corps; and 
 “(B)  notwithstanding the requirements of subsection (h) of section 2667 of this title and under such terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate for the joint venture authorized by subsection (a), lease in accordance with such section 2667 portions of the facility developed under subsection (a) to the Foundation for use in generating revenue for activities of the facility and for such administrative purposes as may be necessary for support of the facility. 
 
 “(2)  In making a determination of fair market value under section 2667(b)(4) of this title for payment of consideration pursuant to a lease described in paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary may consider the entirety of the educational efforts of the Foundation, support to the Marine Corps Heritage Center history division by the Foundation, or the funding of museum programs and exhibits by the Foundation, or other support related to the Marine Corps Heritage Center and the National Museum of the Marine Corps, in addition to the types of in-kind consideration provided under section 2667(c) of this title. 
 “(3)  Property. The Secretary may authorize the Foundation to use real or personal property within the Marine Corps Heritage Center and National Museum of the Marine Corps to conduct additional revenue-generating activities, as the Secretary considers appropriate considering the work of the Foundation and needs of the Marine Corps Heritage Center and National Museum of the Marine Corps. Determination.  The Secretary shall only authorize the use of such property for a revenue-generating activity if the Secretary determines the activity will not interfere with military activities and personnel or the activities of the Marine Corps Heritage Center and National Museum of the Marine Corps. 
 “(4)  The Secretary shall retain lease payments received under this section, other than in-kind consideration authorized under paragraph (2) or under section 2667(c) of this title, solely for use in support of the Marine Corps Heritage Center and the National Museum of the Marine Corps, and funds received as lease payments shall remain available until expended. 
 
 “(e)  Authority to Accept Gifts . Applicability. Property. — (1)  The Secretary of the Navy may accept, hold, administer, and spend any gift, devise, or bequest of real property, personal property, or money made on the condition that the gift, devise, or bequest be used for the benefit, or in connection with, the establishment, operation, or maintenance, of the Marine Corps Heritage Center or the National  137 STAT. 782 
Museum of the Marine Corps. Section 2601 (other than subsections (b), (c), and (e)) of this title shall apply to gifts accepted under this subsection. 
 “(2)  The Secretary may display at the Marine Corps Heritage Center or the National Museum of the Marine Corps recognition for an individual or organization that contributes money to a partner organization, or an individual or organization that contributes a gift directly to the Navy, for the benefit of the Marine Corps Heritage Center or the National Museum of the Marine Corps, whether or not the contribution is subject to the condition that the recognition be provided. Regulations.  The Secretary shall prescribe regulations governing the circumstances under which contributor recognition may be provided, appropriate forms of recognition, and suitable display standards. 
 “(3)  The Secretary may authorize the sale of donated property received under paragraph (1). A sale under this paragraph need not be conducted in accordance with disposal requirements that would otherwise apply, so long as the sale is conducted at arms-length and includes an auditable transaction record. 
 “(4)  Any money received under paragraph (1) and any proceeds from the sale of property under paragraph (3) shall be deposited into a fund established in the Treasury to support the Marine Corps Heritage Center and the National Museum of the Marine Corps. 
 
 “(f)  Additional Terms and Conditions .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the joint venture authorized by subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Conforming Repeal .— Section 2884 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 ( Public Law 106–398 ) is  repealed .