SEC. 243.  10 USC 4172 note . PILOT PROGRAM ON INCORPORATION OF THE CL20 COMPOUND IN CERTAIN WEAPON SYSTEMS. (a)  Pilot Program Required .— The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program under which the Secretary incorporates the CL20 compound as the energetic material for the main fill in the warheads or propellants of three weapon systems under development by the Department of Defense for the purpose of determining cost, schedule, and lethality performance parameters for such systems. 
 (b)  Selection of Weapon Systems .— Each of the three weapon systems selected under subsection (a) shall be a weapon system that does not, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, already incorporate the CL20 compound as the energetic material for the main fill in the warhead or propellant of the system. 
 (c)  Deadline. Timeline for Integration .— The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the CL20 energetic compound is integrated into each weapon system selected under subsection (a) by not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (d)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on progress of the Secretary in carrying out the pilot program under this section, including— (1)  identification of the weapon systems selected by the Secretary under subsection (a); 
 (2)  with respect to each such weapon system, identification of— (A)  Timeline. a timeline for incorporating the CL20 energetic compound into such weapon system; 
 (B)  the organization within the Department of Defense responsible for carrying out activities under the pilot program for such weapon system; and 
 (C)  any locations at which testing associated with such weapon system under the program is expected to be carried out; and 
 
 (3)  the baseline cost, schedule, and lethality objectives that will be used to evaluate the performance of weapon systems under the program. 
 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section, the term “ energetic material ” means critical chemicals and formulations that— (1)  release large amounts of stored chemical energy; and 
 (2)  are capable of being used as explosives, propellants, pyrotechnics, and reactive materials that— (A)  create lethal effects in warheads in kinetic weapons components and systems; or 
 (B)  increase propellant performance in a weapon propulsion system as related to lethal effects, range, or speed.