SEC. 2866.  LAND CONVEYANCE, PAINE FIELD AIR NATIONAL GUARD STATION, EVERETT, SNOHOMISH COUNTY, WASHINGTON. (a)  Conveyance Authorized .— The Secretary of the Air Force (in this section referred to as the “Secretary”) may convey to Snohomish County, a political subdivision of the State of Washington (in this section referred to as the “County”) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to three parcels of real property, including any improvements thereon and any related easements, consisting of approximately 14.23 acres, collectively, located on the Washington Air National Guard Base at Paine Field, Everett, Washington, for the purposes of— (1)  removing the property from the boundaries of the Washington Air National Guard Base and accommodating the operational needs of the Snohomish County Airport and Paine Field; and 137 STAT. 773 
 (2)  the development of the parcels and buildings for economic purposes. 
 
 (b)  Conditions of Conveyance .— The conveyance under subsection (a) shall be— (1)  subject to valid existing rights; 
 (2)  subject to the condition that the County accept the real property, and any improvements thereon, in its condition at the time of the conveyance (commonly known as a conveyance “as is”); 
 (3)  subject to any other terms and conditions as agreed to by the Secretary and the County; and 
 (4)  subject to any other terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
 
 (c)  Consideration .— (1)  Determination. Appraisal. Consideration required .— As consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a), the County shall pay to the Secretary in cash an amount that is not less than the fair market value of the right, title, and interest conveyed under subsection (a), as determined by the Secretary based on an appraisal of the property. 
 (2)  Treatment of consideration received .— Consideration received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the account in the Treasury established under  section 572(b) of title 40, United States Code , and shall be available in accordance with paragraph (5)(B)(ii) of such subsection. 
 
 (d)  Payment of Costs of Conveyance .— (1)  Reimbursement. Payment required .— The Secretary may require the County to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including costs related to real estate due diligence and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. Refund.  If amounts paid by the County to the Secretary in advance exceed the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the County. 
 (2)  Treatment of amounts received .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reimbursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance or to an appropriate fund or account currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
 
 (e)  Determination. Land survey. Description of Property .— The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary.