SEC. 2854.  CLOSURE AND DISPOSAL OF THE PUEBLO CHEMICAL DEPOT, PUEBLO COUNTY, COLORADO. (a)  Deadline. In General .— The Secretary of the Army shall close Pueblo Chemical Depot in Pueblo County, Colorado (in this section referred to as the “Depot”), not later than one year after the completion of the chemical demilitarization mission in such location in accordance with the Chemical Weapons Convention Treaty. 
 (b)  Procedures .— The Secretary of the Army shall carry out the closure and subsequent related property management and disposal of the Depot, including the land, buildings, structures, infrastructure, and associated equipment, installed equipment, material, and personal property that comprise the Chemical Agent-Destruction Pilot Plant, in accordance with the procedures and authorities for the closure, management, and disposal of property under the appropriate base closure laws (as defined in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code ). 
 (c)  Office of Local Defense Community Cooperation Activities .— The Office of Local Defense Community Cooperation of the Department of Defense may make grants and supplement other Federal funds pursuant to  section 2391 of title 10, United States Code , to support closure and reuse activities of the Depot. 
 (d)  Treatment of Existing Permits .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent the removal or demolition by the Program Executive Office, Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives of the Department of the Army of existing buildings, structures, infrastructure, and associated equipment, installed equipment, material, and personal property of the Chemical Agent-Destruction Pilot Plant at the Depot in accordance with the existing  137 STAT. 766 
Hazardous Waste Permit Number CO-20-09-02-01 under the Solid Waste Disposal Act ( 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq. ) (commonly known as the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976) issued by the State of Colorado, or any associated or follow-on permits under such Act. 
 (e)  Relation to Procedures for Use to Assist the Homeless .— Such land, buildings, structures, infrastructure, and associated equipment, installed equipment, material, and personal property comprising the Chemical Agent-Destruction Pilot Plant at the Depot is— (1)  hereby deemed unsuitable for use to assist the homeless; and 
 (2)  not subject to the procedures relating to the use to assist the homeless of buildings and property at military installations under the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of  title XXIX of Public Law 101–510 ;  10 U.S.C. 2687 note ).