“§ 2192c. 10 USC 2192c .  Office for academic engagement relating to cyber activities “(a)  Establishment .— The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, shall establish an office to establish, maintain, and oversee the activities of the Department of Defense that pertain to the relationship between the Department and academia, including with entities involved in primary, secondary, or postsecondary education, with respect to cyber-related matters (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’). 
 “(b)  Director .— The Office shall have a Director who shall report directly to the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense. An individual serving as Director, while so serving, shall be a member of the Senior Executive Service. 
 “(c)  Responsibilities .— (1)  The Office shall be responsible for the following: “(A)  Serving as the consolidated focal point for engagements carried out between the Department of Defense and academia with respect to cyber-related matters. 
 “(B)  Coordinating covered academic engagement programs for the Department of Defense. 
 “(C)  Conducting ongoing analysis, as determined necessary by the Director, of the performance of cyber-related educational scholarships, camps, support efforts, and volunteer partnerships of the Department of Defense. 
 “(D)  Identifying actions the Secretary of Defense may take to improve the cyber skills of personnel within the Department of Defense through participation by such personnel in covered academic engagement programs, for the purposes of assisting the Secretary in cyber-related matters and meeting the long-term national defense needs of the United States for personnel proficient in such skills. 137 STAT. 561 
 “(E)  Managing funds and resources for the National Centers for Academic Excellence in Cybersecurity program, the Department of Defense Cyber Scholarship Program, the National Defense University College of Information and Cyberspace, the University Consortium for Cybersecurity, the senior military colleges, and other educational partnerships between academic institutions and active components of the Armed Forces. 
 “(F)  Establishing requirements, policies, and procedures to collect data on, and to monitor and evaluate, the performance of covered academic engagement programs with respect to the involvement in such programs by the Department of Defense. 
 “(G)  Monitoring and evaluating through applicable performance measurements (including those established pursuant to subparagraph (F)) the performance of covered academic engagement programs with respect to the involvement in such programs by the Department of Defense, and advising the Secretary of Defense on whether to continue, modify, or terminate such involvement. 
 “(H)  Conducting budgetary oversight and supervision, taking into consideration the findings of performance evaluations under subparagraph (G), with respect to— “(i)  the involvement in covered academic engagement programs by the Department of Defense; and 
 “(ii)  other matters relating to the responsibilities under this subsection. 
 
 
 “(2)  The Office shall be the office of primary responsibility for carrying out the following: “(A)  Section 2200c of title 10, United States Code . 
 “(B)  Section 1640 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ;  10 U.S.C. 2200 note ). 
 “(C)  Section 1649 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ;  133 Stat. 1758 ). 
 “(D)  The duties of the Secretary of Defense under section 1659 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ;  10 U.S.C. 391 note ). 
 “(E)  The duties of the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense under section 1726 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  10 U.S.C. 1599f note ). 
 “(F)  Section 1532 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  10 U.S.C. 2191 note  prec.). 
 “(G)  Section 1535 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ;  10 U.S.C. 2200 note ). 
 “(H)  Such other provisions of law as the Secretary of Defense may determine relevant. 
 
 
 “(d)  Authority Relating to Compliance .— The Secretary of Defense shall take such steps as may be necessary to ensure that the Director of the Office has sufficient authority to compel and enforce compliance with any decisions or directives issued pursuant to the responsibilities under subsection (c). 
 “(e)  Additional Authorities .— In carrying out this section, the Director of the Office may, under any provision of this chapter or any other provision of this title providing for the support of  137 STAT. 562 
educational programs in cyber-related matters (and unless otherwise specified in such provision)— “(1)  Contracts. enter into contracts and cooperative agreements, including for the purpose of supporting academic and hands-on programs for individuals transitioning into the cyber field of the Department; 
 “(2)  Grants. make grants of financial assistance, including to civilian and military students; 
 “(3)  provide cash awards and other items; 
 “(4)  accept voluntary services; and 
 “(5)  support national competition judging, other educational event activities, and associated award ceremonies in connection with covered academic engagement programs. 
 
 “(f)  Relationship to Other Entities .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Secretaries concerned shall coordinate and collaborate with the Director of the Office on covered academic engagement programs sponsored by the Under Secretary as Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) programs and activities. 
 “(g)  Covered Academic Engagement Program Defined .— In this section, the term ‘ covered academic engagement program ’ means any of the following: “(1)  A primary, secondary, or post-secondary educational program with a cyber focus. 
 “(2)  A program of the Department of Defense for the recruitment or retention of cyberspace civilian and military personnel (including scholarship programs) other than a Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program. 
 “(3)  An academic partnership focused on establishing cyber talent among the personnel referred to in paragraph (2).”