“§ 239e.   10 USC 239e . Nuclear command, control, and communications: major force program and budget assessment “(a)  Establishment of Major Force Program .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish a unified major force program for nuclear command, control, and communications programs pursuant to section 222(b) of this title to prioritize such programs in accordance with the requirements of the Department of Defense and national security. 
 “(b)  Time period. Reports. Budget Assessment .— (1)  The Secretary shall include with the defense budget materials for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2030 a report on the budget for nuclear command, control, and communications programs of the Department of Defense. 
 “(2)  Each report on the budget for nuclear command, control, and communications programs of the Department under paragraph (1) shall include the following: “(A)  An overview of the budget, including— “(i)  a comparison between that budget, the previous budget, the most recent and prior future-years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title (such comparison shall exclude the responsibility for research and development of the continuing improvement of such nuclear command, control, and communications program), and the amounts appropriated for such nuclear command, control, and communications programs during the previous fiscal year; and 
 “(ii)  the specific identification, as a budgetary line item, for the funding under such programs. 
 
 “(B)  Assessment. An assessment of the budget, including significant changes, priorities, challenges, and risks. 
 “(C)  Any additional matters the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 “(3)  Each report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 “(c)  Definitions .— In this section: “(1)  The term ‘ budget ’, with respect to a fiscal year, means the budget for that fiscal year that is submitted to Congress by the President under section 1105(a) of title 31. 
 “(2)  The term ‘ defense budget materials ’, with respect to a fiscal year, means the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget for that fiscal year. 137 STAT. 592 
 “(3)  The term ‘ nuclear command, control, and communications programs ’ means programs through which presidential authority and operational command and control of nuclear weapons is conducted, including programs that facilitate senior-level decisions on nuclear weapons employment.”