SEC. 2831.  Deadlines. DESIGN STANDARDS FOR COVERED MILITARY UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING. (a)  Uniform Standards for Floor Space and Number of Members Allowed .— (1)  In general .— Section 2856 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (A)  in the section heading, by  striking  “ local comparability of floor areas ” and  inserting  “ standards ”; 
 (B)  by  striking  “ In ” and  inserting  “ (a)  Local Comparability in Floor Areas. —In ”; 
 (C)  in subsection (a), as designated by subparagraph (B)— (i)  by  inserting  “ , except for purposes of meeting minimum area requirements under subsection (b)(1)(A), ” after “ in that locality ”; and 
 (ii)  by  inserting  “ covered ” before “ military unaccompanied housing ”; and 
 
 (D)  by  adding  at the end the following new subsections: “(b)  Floor Space and Number of Members Allowed .— In the design and configuration of covered military unaccompanied housing, the Secretary of Defense shall establish uniform design standards that— “(1)  provide a minimum area of floor space, not including bathrooms or closets, per individual occupying a unit of covered military unaccompanied housing; 
 “(2)  ensure that not more than two individuals may occupy such a unit; and 
 “(3)  provide definitions and measures that specify— “(A)  criteria of design; 
 “(B)  quality of construction material to be used; and 
 “(C)  levels of maintenance to be required. 
 
 
 “(c)  Definition. Covered Military Unaccompanied Housing .— For purposes of this section, section 2856a, and section 2856b, the term ‘ covered military unaccompanied housing ’ means Government-owned military housing intended to be occupied by members of the armed forces serving a tour of duty unaccompanied by dependents.” 
 . 
 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of  subchapter III of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code , 10 USC prec. 2851.   is amended  by  amending  the item relating to section 2856 to read as follows: 
 
 “2856.  
 Covered military unaccompanied housing: design standards.”. 
 
 
 
 (b)  10 USC 2856 note . Completion and Issuance of Uniform Design Standards .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1)  ensure that the uniform design standards required under  section 2856(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code , as added by subsection (a)(1)(D), are completed, issued, and submitted to the congressional defense committees; or 137 STAT. 754 
 (2)  Reports. submit to the congressional defense committees a report— (A)  explaining in detail why such standards are not completed and issued; 
 (B)  indicating when such standards are expected to be completed and issued; and 
 (C)  specifying the names of the personnel responsible for the failure to complete and issue such standards. 
 
 
 (c)  Compliance With Uniform Design Standards .— (1)  In general .— Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of each military department shall ensure that all covered military unaccompanied housing located on a military installation under the jurisdiction of such Secretary complies with the uniform standards established under  section 2856(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code , as added by subsection (a)(1)(D). 
 (2)  No waiver .— The requirement under paragraph (1) may not be waived. 
 (3)  Covered military unaccompanied housing defined .— In this subsection, the term “ covered military unaccompanied housing ” has the meaning given in  section 2856 of title 10, United States Code  (as amended by subsection (a)). 
 
 (d)  Time period. Compliance. Certification of Budget Requirements .— The Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall include with the submission of the budget of the President to Congress pursuant to  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code , for fiscal years 2025 through 2029 a signed certification that the Secretary of Defense and each Secretary of a military department has requested sufficient funds to comply with this section and the amendments made by this section.