SEC. 2853.  10 USC 2801 note . PLAN AND REPORT ON CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE SYSTEMS AT MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. (a)  Plan .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with each Secretary of a military department, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan to implement a standardized system to measure and report on the condition and performance of, the level of investment in, and any applicable risks to critical infrastructure systems owned by the Federal Government that— 137 STAT. 764 (1)  have not been privatized or transferred pursuant to a conveyance under  section 2688 of title 10, United States Code ; and 
 (2)  are located on a military installation (as defined in section 2801 of such title). 
 
 (b)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Beginning on February 1 of the year immediately following the date on which the plan under subsection (a) is submitted, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with each Secretary of a military department, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a consolidated report on the condition of critical infrastructure systems owned by the Federal Government located at military installations. 
 (2)  Elements .— Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Time periods. Installation-level data for each critical infrastructure system described in paragraph (1) that includes the following for each such system: (i)  For the five-year period preceding the date of submission of the report, all instances of noncompliance of such system with any applicable Federal or State law or regulation, including information on any prior or current consent order or equivalent compliance agreement with any Federal or State regulatory agency. 
 (ii)  The year of original installation of critical infrastructure system components, including treatment facilities, pump stations, and storage tanks. 
 (iii)  The average age of distribution system piping and wiring. 
 (iv)  The rate of system recapitalization, represented as an annual percentage replacement rate of all critical infrastructure system assets. 
 (v)  For the one-year period preceding the date of submission of the report, the percentage of key system operational components (including fire hydrants, valves, and backflow preventors) inspected and determined through testing to be fully operational. 
 (vi)  For the one-year period preceding the date of submission of the report, the absolute number, and a normalized measure for comparative purposes, of all unplanned system outages. 
 (vii)  For the one-year period preceding the date of submission of the report, the absolute duration, and a normalized measure for comparative purposes, of all unplanned system outages. 
 (viii)  For the one-year period preceding the date of submission of the report, the absolute number, and a normalized measure for comparative purposes, of all critical infrastructure system main breaks and leaks. 
 
 (B)  Risk assessment. A standardized risk assessment for each military installation, identifying the current and projected level of risk related to the following: (i)  The ability to maintain compliance with applicable current and proposed State regulations and  137 STAT. 765 
standards and applicable regulations and policies of the Department of Defense and the military departments related to each critical infrastructure system described in paragraph (1), and the ability to operate critical infrastructure systems in accordance with accepted industry standards. 
 (ii)  The ability to maintain a consistent and compliant supply of water for current and projected future installation needs based on current and projected source water availability and quality, including an assessment of source water contamination risks for each critical infrastructure system described in paragraph (1). 
 (iii)  The ability of each critical infrastructure system described in paragraph (1) to withstand severe weather events, including drought, flooding, and temperature fluctuations. 
 (iv)  The ability for utility industrial controls systems for each critical infrastructure system described in paragraph (1) to maintain compliance with applicable current and proposed cybersecurity standards and regulations. 
 
 
 (3)  Form .— A report under this subsection shall be submitted in an unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
 
 (c)  Critical Infrastructure System Defined .— In this section, the term “ critical infrastructure system ” includes a transportation infrastructure system and a utilities infrastructure system.