SEC. 2835.  10 USC 2821 note . PILOT PROGRAM FOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS TO REPLACE CERTAIN COVERED MILITARY UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING FACILITIES. (a)  In General .— Each Secretary of a military department may carry out a pilot program under which each such Secretary administers a military construction project, not otherwise authorized by law, to replace a covered military unaccompanied housing facility— (1)  Determination. that such Secretary determines is not in compliance with the uniform standards for covered military unaccompanied housing under  section 2856b of title 10, United States Code  (as added by section 2832); and 
 (2)  for which the total cost of a repair project to bring such covered military unaccompanied facility into compliance with such uniform standards exceeds 75 percent of the total cost of such a military construction project. 
 
 (b)  Facility Requirements .— A facility constructed pursuant to a military construction project under a pilot program under subsection (a)— (1)  with respect to the covered military unaccompanied housing facility such facility replaces— (A)  may not have a capacity to house more members of the Armed Forces; 
 (B)  shall be designed and utilized for the same purpose; and 
 (C)  shall be located on the same military installation; and 
 
 (2)  shall be designed to meet, at a minimum, standards for construction, utilization, and force protection. 
 
 (c)  Nondelegation .— For the purposes of carrying out a military construction project under a pilot program under subsection (a), the authority of a Secretary of a military department to determine whether a covered military unaccompanied housing facility is in substandard condition may not be delegated. 
 (d)  Source of Funds .— A Secretary of a military department may spend amounts available to such Secretary for operation and maintenance or unspecified military construction to carry out this section. 
 (e)  Reports. Congressional Notification .— With respect to a military construction project proposed to be carried out under a pilot program under subsection (a) with an estimated cost in excess of $10,000,000, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that includes— (1)  a justification for such military construction project; 
 (2)  Cost estimate. an estimate of the total cost of such military construction project; and 
 (3)  a description of the elements of military construction, including the elements specified in  section 2802(b) of title 10, United States Code , incorporated into such military construction project. 
 
 (f)  Sunset .— The authority to carry out a pilot program pursuant to subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (g)  Definitions .— In this section: 137 STAT. 759 (1)  The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” has the meaning given such term in  section 2801 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  The term “ covered military unaccompanied housing ” has the meaning given such term in section 2856 of such title (as amended by section 2831).