SEC. 245.  10 USC note prec. 3201. DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE MUNITION SURGE CAPACITY CRITICAL RESERVE. (a)  In General .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in coordination with the service acquisition executive of each military department, may establish a reserve of long-lead items and components to accelerate the delivery of munitions described in  section 222c(c) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (b)  Quantity .— The quantity of long-lead items and components reserved pursuant to subsection (a) should be in amounts commensurate to fulfill the requirements identified as Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement and Out-Year inventory numbers under  section 222c(a) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (c)  Effective date. Authority for Advance Procurement .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment may enter into one or more contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2024, for the advance procurement of long-lead items and components, or economic order quantities of such items and components when cost savings are achievable, associated with munitions identified in subsection (a). Advance procurement authority may include the cost of shipping, storage, tracking, maintenance, and obsolescence management of long-lead items and components while held in the reserve described in subsection (a). 
 (d)  Time period. Limitations .— No long-lead item or component may be procured under this section if the anticipated life cycle of such item or component requires disposal due to lack of military utility less than 8 years after such item or component is procured. 
 (e)  Termination date. Report .— Not later than February 1, 2025, and annually thereafter until February 1, 2030, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes the use of the authority under this section, including— (1)  the type, number, and value of long-lead items and components procured under each contractual action; and 
 (2)  information about the location of storage of such items and components. 
 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ long-lead item or component ” means a material, component, or subsystem of a munition that must be procured well in advance of the need for such munition. 137 STAT. 211 
 (2)  The terms “service acquisition executive” and “military department” have the meanings given, respectively, in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code .