SEC. 2822.  IMPROVEMENTS TO PRIVATIZED MILITARY HOUSING. (a)  Inclusion of Information on Compliance With Tenant Bill of Rights in Notice of Lease Extension .— Section 2878(f)(2) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraph: “(E)  Assessment. An assessment of compliance by the lessor with the Military Housing Privatization Initiative Tenant Bill of Rights developed under section 2890 of this title.” 
 . 
 (b)  Modification of Authority to Investigate Reprisals .— Subsection (e) of section 2890 of such title  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1)— (A)  by  striking  “ Assistant Secretary of Defense for Sustainment ” and  inserting  “ Inspector General of the Department of Defense ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ member of the armed forces ” and  inserting  “ tenant ”; 
 
 (2)  in paragraph (2)— (A)  in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i)  by  striking  “ Assistant Secretary of Defense for Sustainment ” and  inserting  “ Inspector General ”; 
 (ii)  by  striking  “ member of the armed forces ” and  inserting  “ tenant ”; and 
 (iii)  by  striking  “ Assistant Secretary ” and  inserting  “ Inspector General ”; and 
 
 (B)  in subparagraph (B), by  striking  “ Assistant Secretary ” and  inserting  “ Inspector General ”; and 
 
 (3)  in paragraph (3)— (A)  by  striking  “ Assistant Secretary of Defense for Sustainment ” and  inserting  “ Inspector General of the Department of Defense ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ Secretary of the military department concerned ” and  inserting  “ Inspector General of the military department concerned ”. 
 
 
 (c)  Limitation on Housing Enhancement Payments .— Section 606(a)(2) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ;  10 U.S.C. 2871 note )  is amended — (1)  in subparagraph (A)— (A)  by  striking  “ Each month ” and  inserting  “ Except as provided in subparagraph (D), each month ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ one of more ” and  inserting  “ one or more ”; and 
 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraph: 137 STAT. 752 
 “(D)  Limitation on payment .— “(i)  Determination. In general .— Subject to clause (ii), the Secretary of a military department may not make a payment under subparagraph (A) to a lessor unless the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment determines the lessor is in compliance with the Military Housing Privatization Initiative Tenant Bill of Rights developed under  section 2890 of title 10, United States Code . 
 “(ii)  Application .— The limitation under clause (i) shall apply to any payment under a housing agreement entered into on or after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 by the Secretary of a military department with a lessor.” 
 
 .