SEC. 2868.  LAND CONVEYANCE, BG J SUMNER JONES ARMY RESERVE CENTER, WHEELING, WEST VIRGINIA. (a)  Conveyance Authorized .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of the Army (in this section referred to as the “Secretary”) may convey to the City of Wheeling, West Virginia (in this section referred to as the  137 STAT. 775 
“City”), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 3.33 acres, known as the former BG J Sumner Jones Army Reserve Center, located within the City, for the purpose of providing emergency management response or law enforcement services. 
 (2)  Continuation of existing easements, restrictions, and covenants .— The conveyance of the property under paragraph (1) shall be subject to any easement, restriction, or covenant of record applicable to the property and in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 
 (b)  Revisionary Interest .— (1)  Determination. In general .— If the Secretary determines at any time that the property conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the purpose of the conveyance specified in such subsection, all right, title, and interest in and to the property, including any improvements thereto, may, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States may have the right of immediate entry onto such property. 
 (2)  Determination .— A determination by the Secretary under paragraph (1) may be made on the record after an opportunity for a hearing. 
 
 (c)  Payment of Costs of Conveyance .— (1)  Reimbursement. Payment required .— The Secretary may require the City to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including costs for environmental and real estate due diligence and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. 
 (2)  Refund of excess amounts .— If amounts are collected from the City under paragraph (1) in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City. 
 
 (d)  Limitation on Source of Funds .— The City may not use Federal funds to cover any portion of the costs required to be paid by the City under this section. 
 (e)  Determination. Land survey. Description of Property .— The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. 
 (f)  Additional Terms and Conditions .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States.