SEC. 2821.  ESTABLISHMENT OF THE MILITARY FAMILY READINESS WORKING GROUP FOR MILITARY HOUSING. (a)  In General .— Subsection (e) of  section 1781a of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows: “(e)  Military Family Readiness Working Group for Military Housing .— “(1)  There is in the Council the Military Family Readiness Working Group for Military Housing (in this section referred to as the ‘Housing Working Group’). 
 “(2) (A)  The Housing Working Group shall be composed of the following members: “(i)  The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment, who shall serve as chair of the Housing Working Group on a nondelegable basis. 
 “(ii)  One representative of each of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Force— “(I)  each of whom shall be a member of the armed force to be represented; and 
 “(II)  not fewer than two of whom shall be enlisted members. 
 
 “(iii)  One spouse of a member of each of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Force on active duty, not fewer than two of which shall be the spouse of an enlisted member. 137 STAT. 750 
 “(iv)  One commander or senior official of a military installation from each military department with responsibility for the public works or civil engineering systems of such installation. 
 “(v)  One individual appointed by the Secretary of Defense among representatives of a voluntary consensus standards body that develops personnel certification standards for building maintenance, inspections, or restoration. 
 “(vi)  The Director of the Office of Military Family Readiness Policy. 
 
 “(B)  Term. The term of Housing Working Group members specified under clauses (ii) through (v) of subparagraph (A) shall be two years and may be renewed by the Secretary of Defense. 
 “(C)  The chair of the Housing Working Group shall extend an invitation to all landlords for one representative of each landlord to attend such meetings of the Housing Working Group as the chair considers appropriate but at a minimum of once per year. 
 
 “(3)  The Housing Working Group shall meet at least two times each year. 
 “(4)  The duties of the Housing Working Group shall include the following: “(A)  To review and make recommendations to the Secretary of Defense on policies for covered military housing, including inspections practices and resident surveys. 
 “(B)  To make recommendations to the Secretary of Defense to improve— “(i)  awareness and promotion of accurate and timely information about covered military housing, accommodations available through the Exceptional Family Member Program of the Department, and other support services; and 
 “(ii)  collaboration among policymakers, providers of such accommodations and other support services, and targeted beneficiaries of such accommodations and other support services. 
 
 
 “(5)  Definitions. In this subsection: “(A)  The term ‘ landlord ’ has the meaning given that term in section 2871 of this title. 
 “(B)  The term ‘ covered military housing ’ means housing acquired or constructed pursuant to subchapter IV of chapter 169 of this title that is owned by an entity other than the Federal Government.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Annual Reports .— (1)  In general .— Not later than July 1, 2024, and annually thereafter until July 1, 2029, the Department of Defense Military Family Readiness Council (established under  section 1781a of title 10, United States Code ) shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the congressional defense committees a report on military family readiness. 
 (2)  Contents .— Each report under this subsection shall include the following: (A)  Assessment. An assessment of the adequacy and effectiveness of the military family readiness programs and activities of the Department of Defense during the fiscal year preceding the date of submission of the report in meeting the needs and requirements of military families. 137 STAT. 751 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations on actions to be taken to improve the capability of the military family readiness programs and activities of the Department of Defense to meet the needs and requirements of military families, including actions relating to the allocation of funding and other resources to and among such programs and activities. 
 (C)  A report on the activities of the Military Family Readiness Working Group for Military Housing (established under subsection (e) of such section 1781a, as amended by this section) during the year covered by the report. 
 
 
 (c)  Conforming Amendment .— Paragraph (31) of section 1061(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ;  10 U.S.C. 111 note ) is  repealed .