SEC. 2839.  ANNUAL REPORTS ON THE CONDITION OF COVERED MILITARY UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING. (a)  Time period. Report Required .— Along with the submission of the budget of the President to Congress pursuant to  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code , for fiscal year 2025, and annually thereafter for the subsequent four years, each Secretary of a military department shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services  137 STAT. 761 
of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the condition of covered military unaccompanied housing facilities using the uniform index described in section 2838 of this Act. 
 (b)  Plans. Elements .— Each report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Lists. A list of the condition of each such covered military unaccompanied housing facility located on each military installation under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
 (2)  For such facilities in poor or failing condition— (A)  the percentage of repair costs as compared to the total replacement cost for each such facility; 
 (B)  the funding required to conduct all needed repairs and improvements at each such facility; and 
 (C)  the five-year plan for addressing conditions at such facility. 
 
 (3)  For such facilities in good and fair condition, the five-year plan for sustainment to ensure that each such facility does not fall to poor or failing condition. 
 (4)  Any other information determined appropriate by the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered military unaccompanied housing ” has the meaning given in  section 2856 of title 10, United States Code  (as amended by section 2831). 
 (2)  The term “ military department ” has the meaning given in section 101 of such title. 
 (3)  The term “ military installation ” has the meaning given in section 2801 of such title. 
 
 (d)  Amendment to Briefings on MHPI Housing Projects .— Section 606(a)(4) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ;  132 Stat. 1795 ;  10 U.S.C. 2871 note )  is amended  by  striking  “ the Secretary of Defense ” and  inserting  “ each Secretary of a military department ”. 
 (e)  Amendment to Submissions on Housing Documents .— Section 2890(d) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  striking  “ the Secretary of Defense ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ each Secretary of a military department ”; and 
 (2)  by  striking  “ the Department of Defense ” and  inserting  “ the military department under the jurisdiction of such Secretary ”.