SEC. 252.  AUDIT TO IDENTIFY DIVERSION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FUNDING TO CHINA’S RESEARCH LABS. (a)  Study. Time period. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a study, and submit a report to the congressional defense committees, regarding the amount of Federal funds awarded by the Department of Defense (whether directly or indirectly) through grants, contracts, subgrants, subcontracts, or any other type of agreement or collaboration, during the 10-year period immediately preceding such date of enactment, that— (1)  was provided, whether purposely or inadvertently, to— (A)  the People’s Republic of China; 
 (B)  the Communist Party of China; 
 (C)  Wuhan Institute of Virology. the Wuhan Institute of Virology or any other organization administered by the Chinese Academy of Sciences; 
 (D)  EcoHealth Alliance Inc. EcoHealth Alliance Inc. for work performed in China on research supported by the Government of China, including any subsidiaries and related organizations that are directly controlled by EcoHealth Alliance, Inc.; 
 (E)  Academy of Military Medical Sciences. Beijing Institute of Microbiology and Epidemiology. the Academy of Military Medical Sciences or any of its research institutes, including the Beijing Institute of Microbiology and Epidemiology; or 
 (F)  any other lab, agency, organization, individual, or instrumentality that is owned, controlled (directly or indirectly), or overseen (officially or unofficially) by any of the entities listed in subparagraphs (A) through (E); or 
 
 (2)  was used to fund research or experiments that could have reasonably resulted in the enhancement of any coronavirus, influenza, Nipah, Ebola, or other pathogen of pandemic potential or chimeric versions of such a virus or pathogen in the People’s Republic of China or any other foreign country. 
 
 (b)  Identification of Countries and Pathogens .— The report required under subsection (a) shall specify— (1)  the countries in which the research or experiments described in subsection (a)(2) was conducted; and 
 (2)  the pathogens involved in such research or experiments. 137 STAT. 212