SEC. 344.  MATTERS RELATING TO BRIEFINGS ON SHIPYARD INFRASTRUCTURE OPTIMIZATION PROGRAM OF THE NAVY. (a)  Modification to Briefing Requirement .— Section 355(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  10 U.S.C. 8013 note )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraph: “(D)  Risk analysis. A risk analysis of how the schedule for such project affects the availability schedule for submarines and aircraft carriers, including the following: “(i)  Timeline. A timeline for the completion of such project, including construction dates and dates of planned maintenance at each shipyard under such project. 
 “(ii)  Plans. Determination. Contingency maintenance plans if such project is delayed, including any backup location for maintenance availabilities determined by the Chief Naval Officer and any resulting alteration in plans or schedules for maintenance. 
 “(iii)  The effect on public shipyards should a delay to such project result in the implementation of a contingency plan pursuant to clause (ii), including the effect on the workforce and workload capacity at the public shipyard with respect to which such project is conducted. 
 “(iv)  Cost-benefit analysis. A cost-benefit analysis of the potential for private shipyards to assist with such workload should such project be delayed, including an identification of any gaps in the capability of private shipyards to conduct the maintenance described in clause (ii). 
 “(v)  Assessment. An assessment of whether greater flexibilities in authorities are necessary to better support fleet maintenance needs and the Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization Program.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Deadline. Briefing on Implementation Status .— Not later than October 1, 2024, the Secretary of the Navy shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the status of the implementation of the Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization Program of the Department of the Navy. Such briefing shall include, with respect to each covered project, the information specified in each of subparagraphs (A) through (D) of section 355(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022, as amended by subsection (a).