SEC. 343.  MODIFICATIONS TO CONTESTED LOGISTICS WORKING GROUP OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.    Section 2926(d) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  as follows: (1)  Expansion of working group .— (A)  Expansion .— In paragraph (3)— (i)  in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ appointed ”; and 
 (ii)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraphs: “(D)  Appointment. A senior official of the Defense Logistics Agency, who shall be appointed by the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency to represent the Defense Logistics Agency. 
 “(E)  Nomination. An official of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, who shall be nominated by the Secretary of Defense and confirmed by the Senate to represent such Office. 
 “(F)  The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, who shall represent the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition. 
 “(G)  The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Sustainment, who shall represent the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Sustainment.” 
 . 
 
 (B)  Deadline. Appointments. 10 USC 2926 note . Timing .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall appoint the additional members of the working group required under subparagraphs (D) through (G) of paragraph (3) of such section, as added by subparagraph (A). 
 
 (2)  Responsibilities of members .— In paragraph (4), by  inserting  “ , or developing capabilities for such purposes, ” after “ coordinated initiatives ”. 
 (3)  Meetings; reports .— By  adding  at the end the following new paragraphs: “(6)  Time period. The working group under paragraph (1) shall meet not less frequently than quarterly. 
 “(7) (A)  Reports. Not later than February 1 of each year, the working group under paragraph (1) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains a description of the following: “(i)  The topics addressed in the meetings of the working group during the preceding year. 
 “(ii)  Priorities. Time period. The priorities of the working group for the following year (including with respect to any shortfalls in personnel, equipment, infrastructure, energy and storage, or capabilities) in support of the operational plans of the Department of Defense. 
 “(iii)  Any steps taken by the working group, as of the date of the submission, to address any identified shortfalls in budget or capabilities. 
 
 “(B)  Each report under subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.” 
 
 . 137 STAT. 225