SEC. 313.  MODIFICATION TO TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AUTHORITY FOR ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION ACTIVITIES.    Section 2705(e) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1)— (A)  by  striking  “ upon the request of the technical review committee or restoration advisory board for an installation ” and  inserting  “ upon the request of the technical review committee for an installation, restoration  137 STAT. 216 
advisory board for an installation, community concerned with respect to an installation, or individual member of such community ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ to obtain ” and all that follows through “ interpreting ” and  inserting  “ to obtain from covered sources technical assistance for the committee, advisory board, community, or individual (as the case may be) to interpret ”; 
 
 (2)  in paragraph (2)— (A)  by  striking  “ technical review committee or restoration advisory board ” and  inserting  “ technical review committee, restoration advisory board, community, or individual ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ only if ” and all that follows through the closing period and  inserting  “ only if the technical assistance— ” “(A)  is likely to contribute to the efficiency, effectiveness, or timeliness of environmental restoration activities at the installation; or 
 “(B)  is a service described in paragraph (3).” 
 ; and 
 
 (3)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraphs: “(3)  A service described in this paragraph is a service to improve public participation in, or assist in the navigation of, environmental restoration activities at an installation by the community concerned or an individual member of such community, including with respect to the following: “(A)  The interpretation of site-related documents, including documents concerning the nature of a release or threatened release at the installation, monitoring, testing plans, and reports associated with site assessment and characterization at the installation. 
 “(B)  The interpretation of health-related information. 
 “(C)  The interpretation of documents, plans, proposed actions, and final decisions relating to— “(i)  an interim remedial action; 
 “(ii)  a remedial investigation or feasibility study; 
 “(iii)  a record of decision; 
 “(iv)  a remedial design; 
 “(v)  the selection and construction of remedial action; 
 “(vi)  operation and maintenance; 
 “(vii)  a five-year review at the installation; or 
 “(viii)  a removal action at the installation. 
 
 “(D)  Assistance with the preparation of public comments. 
 “(E)  The development of outreach materials to improve public participation. 
 “(F)  The provision of advice and guidance regarding additional technical assistance for which the community or individual, as the case may be, may be eligible. 
 
 “(4)  Definition. In this subsection, the term ‘ covered source ’ means a private sector source, a Federal department or agency other than the Department of Defense (pursuant to a Federal interagency agreement), or a nonprofit entity (pursuant to a cooperative agreement entered into with such entity).” 
 .