SEC. 3521.  REPORTS ON MARITIME INDUSTRY, POLICIES, AND PROGRAMS. (a)  Report on Administration of Programs .— (1)  In general .— Chapter 553 of title 46, United States Code ,  is amended  by  inserting  before section 55302 the following: “§ 55301. 46 USC 55301 .  Report on administration of programs by other Federal departments and agencies “(a)  In General .— The Administrator of the Maritime Administration shall annually submit to Congress a report on the administration by— “(1)  the Department of Defense of section 2631 of title 10; and 
 “(2)  other Federal departments and agencies of programs the Administrator determines are subject to section 55305 of this title. 
 
 “(b)  Contents .— Each annual report required under subsection (a) shall include, for each Federal department or agency that administers a program covered by the report— “(1)  the gross tonnage of cargo (equipment, materials, or agricultural products), expressed by type of cargo, transported on United States flag vessels as compared to on foreign vessels; and 
 “(2)  the total number of United States flag vessels and total number of foreign vessels contracted by each department or agency. 
 
 “(c)  Agency Reporting Requirements .— Not later than January 31 of each year, the head of each Federal department or agency that administers a program covered by a report required under subsection (a) shall submit to the Administrator of the Maritime Administration the information described in subsection (b) for that department or agency.” 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The analysis for  chapter 553 of title 46, United States Code , 46 USC prec. 55301.   is amended  by  inserting  before the item relating to section 55302 the following new item: 
 
 “55301.  
 Report on administration of programs by other Federal departments and agencies.”. 
 
 
 
 (b)  Report on Survey of United States Shipbuilding and Repair Facilities .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for each of the subsequent four fiscal years, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the  137 STAT. 820 
Administrator of the Maritime Administration, and the Commandant of the Coast Guard, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that includes a survey of United States shipbuilding and repair facilities. 
 (2)  Contents .— Each report required under paragraph (1) shall include an identification of all requirements for a survey of United States shipbuilding and repair facilities in accordance with sections 50102 and 50103 of  title 46, United States Code , and section 502(f) of the Merchant Marine Act of 1936 ( 46 U.S.C. 53101 note ). 
 (3)  Public availability .— At the time the Secretary of Transportation submits to the appropriate congressional committees a report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall make the report, and all report data, publicly available on an appropriate website. 
 (4)  Definition .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. 
 
 
 (c)  Report on Port Preferences for US-flag Vessels .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Maritime Administration shall submit to Congress a report on the preference, if any, afforded by each port authority or marine terminal operator, as applicable, to vessels documented under the laws of the United States, including such vessels— (1)  operated by an armed force (as such term is defined in  section 101(4) of title 10, United States Code ); 
 (2)  participating in the Maritime Security Program or the Emergency Preparedness Program under  chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code , the Cable Security Fleet under chapter 532 of such title, the Tanker Security Fleet under chapter 534 of such title, or the National Defense Reserve Fleet under section 57100 of such title; or 
 (3)  with a coastwise endorsement under  chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code . 
 
 (d)  46 USC 55601 note . Report on Increasing Effectiveness of Marine Highways .— (1)  Public information. Web posting. Study. In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Maritime Administration shall complete and make publicly available on an appropriate website a study that identifies opportunities for, and barriers to, increasing the effectiveness of marine highways designated under  section 55601 of title 46, United States Code , in addressing two or more of the components described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iv) of subparagraphs (A) and subparagraph (B) of  section 50307(a)(2) of title 46, United States Code . 
 (2)  Pilot program . Effective date. — Beginning on the date that is 120 days after the date of the completion of the study required under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall carry out a one-year pilot program under which the Administrator shall select one marine highway project and implement the findings of the study with respect to that project. 137 STAT. 821 
 (3)  Final report . Briefing. Recommenda- tions. — Not later than 90 days after the completion of the pilot program under paragraph (3), the Administrator shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a briefing on the lessons learned from the pilot program, any recommendations based on feedback from maritime stakeholders, States, Indian Tribes, nonprofit organizations, and other stakeholders, and recommendations for establishing future marine highways in the United States. 
 
 (e)  Study on Availability of Federal Student Aid for Mariner Training .— (1)  In general .— The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the availability of Federal financial assistance for licensed and unlicensed mariners, as applicable, for mariner training and the effectiveness of coordination with respect to such assistance of— (A)  Federal agencies; 
 (B)  Federal agencies and States; and 
 (C)  Federal agencies and Indian Tribes. 
 
 (2)  Matters evaluated .— The study conducted under paragraph (1) shall include an evaluation of the following: (A)  The availability of Federal financial assistance for mariner training provided by the Department of Education, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Labor, the Maritime Administration, or other agencies to the full range of prospective mariners, and an identification of any gaps in financial assistance. 
 (B)  The extent to which the Maritime Administration has effectively coordinated with the Department of Education, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Labor, or other relevant Federal agencies to align Federal financial assistance with the education and training needs of mariners. 
 (C)  The extent to which the Maritime Administration has effectively communicated with prospective and current mariners about the availability of Federal financial assistance to facilitate their training and education needs. 
 
 (3)  Examination. Scope .— The study conducted under paragraph (1) shall include an examination of the availability of Federal financial assistance, and the service obligations related to such financial assistance, if applicable, at mariner training institutions within the United States, including for students attending, or participating in— (A)  the United States Merchant Marine Academy; 
 (B)  a State maritime academy; 
 (C)  an institution described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of  section 51706(c)(1) of title 46, United States Code ; 
 (D)  an Indian Tribe apprenticeship or other training program; or 
 (E)  an educational program carried out by a Federal agency. 
 
 (4)  Report .— Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Armed Services of the House  137 STAT. 822 
of Representatives a report containing the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to the study conducted under paragraph (1).