SEC. 3133.  50 USC 2538c note . PLAN FOR DOMESTIC ENRICHMENT CAPABILITY TO SATISFY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE URANIUM REQUIREMENTS. (a)  Report .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains a plan to establish a domestic enrichment capability sufficient to meet defense requirements for enriched uranium. Such plan shall include— (1)  a description of defense requirements for enriched uranium expected to be necessary between the date of the enactment of this Act and 2060 to meet the requirements of the Department of Defense, including quantities, material assay, and the dates by which new enrichment is required; 
 (2)  key milestones, steps, and policy decisions required to achieve the domestic uranium enrichment capability; 
 (3)  the dates by which such key milestones are to be achieved; 
 (4)  a funding profile, broken down by project and sub-project, for obtaining such capability; 137 STAT. 805 
 (5)  a description of any changes in the requirement of the Department of Defense for highly enriched uranium due to AUKUS; and 
 (6)  any other elements or information the Administrator determines appropriate. 
 
 (b)  Annual Certification Requirement .— (1)  In general . Deadline. — Not later than February 1 of each year after the year during which the report required by subsection (a) is submitted until the date specified in paragraph (2), the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a certification that— (A)  the Administration is in compliance with the plan and milestones contained in the report; or 
 (B)  the Administration is not in compliance with such plan or milestones, together with— (i)  a description of the nature of the non-compliance; 
 (ii)  the reasons for the non-compliance; and 
 (iii)  a plan to achieve compliance. 
 
 
 (2)  Termination date .— No report shall be required under paragraph (1) after the date on which the Administrator certifies to the congressional defense committees that the final key milestone under the plan has been met. 
 
 (c)  Form of Reports .— The report under subsection (a) and each annual certification under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.