SEC. 321.  REPORT ON SCHEDULE AND COST ESTIMATES FOR COMPLETION OF TESTING AND REMEDIATION OF CONTAMINATED SITES; PUBLICATION OF CLEANUP INFORMATION. (a)  Report Required .— (1)  Termination date. Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and once every two years thereafter until December 31, 2029, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report that includes— (A)  Proposal. a proposed schedule for the completion of testing and remediation activities (including with respect to the remediation of perfluoroalkyl substances and polyfluoroalkyl substances) at military installations, National Guard facilities, and sites formerly used by the Department of Defense in the United States with respect to which the Secretary obligated funds for environmental restoration activities in fiscal year 2022; 
 (B)  for each site specified in subparagraph (A) for which an element of the Department of Defense has completed a remedial investigation but for which testing and  137 STAT. 221 
remediation activities have not been completed, a detailed cost estimate— (i)  for any such activities to be carried out at such site during the following year; and 
 (ii)  for the completion of such activities at such site; 
 
 (C)  if either cost estimate specified in subparagraph (B) is unavailable with respect to a given site specified in subparagraph (A), a detailed description of known and unknown factors, including site characteristics and the nature of contamination, that may affect the cost to complete testing and remediation activities at such site based on historical costs of remediation for— (i)  sites remediated under the Defense Environmental Restoration Program under  section 2701 of title 10, United States Code ; 
 (ii)  other federally-funded sites; or 
 (iii)  privately-funded sites; and 
 
 (D)  Timeline. for each site specified in subparagraph (A) for which the Secretary has completed the preliminary assessment or site inspection phase and that has been designated as requiring a remedial investigation or study on the feasibility of remediating the site, the timeline for the completion of such investigation or study. 
 
 (2)  Definitions .— In this subsection: (A)  The term “ military installation ” has the meaning given such term in  section 2801(c) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (B)  The term “ National Guard facility ” has the meaning given that term in  section 2700 of title 10, United States Code . 
 
 
 (b)  Public information. Web posting. Updates. 10 USC 2701 note . Publication of Information .— Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall publish on the publicly available website established under section 331(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ;  10 U.S.C. 2701 note ) timely and regularly updated information on the status of cleanup at sites for which the Secretary has obligated funds for environmental restoration activities.