SEC. 533.  SUPREME COURT REVIEW OF CERTAIN ACTIONS OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES. (a)  Certiorari to the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces .— (1)  In general .— Section 1259 of title 28, United States Code ,  is amended — (A)  in paragraph (3), by  inserting  “ or refused to grant ” after “ granted ”; and 
 (B)  in paragraph (4), by  inserting  “ or refused to grant ” after “ granted ”. 
 
 (2)  Technical and conforming amendments .— (A)  Title 10 .— Section 867a(a) of title 10, United States Code  (article 67a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice),  is amended  by  striking  “ The Supreme Court may not review by a writ of certiorari under this section any action of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces in refusing to grant a petition for review. ”. 
 (B)  Time for application for writ of certiorari .— Subsection (g) of  section 2101 of title 28, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows: “(g)  The time for application for a writ of certiorari to review a decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, or the decision of a Court of Criminal Appeals that the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces refuses to grant a petition to review, shall be as prescribed by rules of the Supreme Court . ” 
 . 
 
 
 (b)  10 USC 867a note . Effective Date and Applicability .— (1)  In general .— The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to any action of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces in granting or refusing to grant a petition for review submitted to such Court for the first time on or after such effective date. 
 (2)  Inapplicability to pending decisions .— With respect to a petition submitted to the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces before the effective date specified in paragraph (1) and on which the Court has not taken action as of such date, the provisions of the United States Code amended by subsection (a) shall apply as if such amendments had not been enacted. Any action of the United States Court  137 STAT. 262 
of Appeals for the Armed Forces in granting or refusing to grant such a petition is final and conclusive. 
 (3)  Finality of decisions before effective date .— Any action of the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces in granting or refusing to grant a petition for review before the effective date specified in paragraph (1) is final and conclusive. 
 (4)  Deadline. Rules required .— The Supreme Court shall prescribe rules to carry out  section 2101(g) of title 28, United States Code , as amended by subsection (a)(2)(B) of this section, by not later than the effective date specified in paragraph (1).