SEC. 547.  10 USC note   prec. 501. PILOT PROGRAM ON CARDIAC SCREENINGS FOR MILITARY ACCESSIONS. (a)  Deadline. Establishment .— Not later than September 30, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to provide an electrocardiogram to individuals who undergo military accession screenings. Each such electrocardiogram shall be provided— (1)  on a mandatory basis; 
 (2)  at no cost to the recipient; and 
 (3)  in a facility of the Department of Defense or by a member or employee of the military health system. 
 
 (b)  Purposes .— In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall— (1)  Determination. Costs. determine the costs (including protocols and personnel and equipment for each location where the Secretary carries  137 STAT. 267 
out the pilot program) and benefits to the Department of providing an electrocardiogram to every individual who undergoes a military accession screening; 
 (2)  Processes. Assessment. develop and implement appropriate processes to assess the long-term impacts of electrocardiogram results on military service; and 
 (3)  Consultation. consult with experts in cardiology to develop appropriate clinical practice guidelines for cardiac screenings, diagnosis, and treatment. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the pilot program terminates, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the pilot program. Such briefing shall include the following: (1)  The results of all electrocardiograms provided to individuals under the pilot program— (A)  disaggregated by Armed Force, race, and gender; and 
 (B)  without any personally identifiable information. 
 
 (2)  The rate of significant cardiac issues detected pursuant to electrocardiograms provided under the pilot program, disaggregated by Armed Force, race, and gender. 
 (3)  The number of individuals, if any, who were disqualified from accession based solely on the result of an electrocardiogram provided under the pilot program. 
 (4)  Costs. The cost of carrying out the pilot program. 
 
 (d)  Termination .— The pilot program shall terminate after three years after its implementation.