SEC. 532.  Time periods. ESTABLISHMENT OF STAGGERED TERMS FOR MEMBERS OF THE MILITARY JUSTICE REVIEW PANEL. (a)  Appointment to Staggered Terms .— Subsection (b) of  section 946 of title 10, United States Code  (article 146 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice),  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(4)  Establishment of staggered terms .— Notwithstanding subsection (e), members of the Panel appointed to serve on the Panel to fill vacancies that exist due to terms of appointment expiring during the period beginning on August 1, 2030, and ending on November 30, 2030, shall be appointed to terms as follows: “(A)  Three members designated by the Secretary of Defense shall serve a term of two years. 
 “(B)  Three members designated by the Secretary of Defense shall serve a term of four years. 
 “(C)  Three members designated by the Secretary of Defense shall serve a term of six years. 
 “(D)  Four members designated by the Secretary of Defense shall serve a term of eight years.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Term; Vacancies .— Subsection (e) of such section  is amended  to read as follows: “(e)  Term; Vacancies .— “(1)  Term .— Subject to subsection (b)(4) and paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection, each member shall be appointed for a term of eight years, and no member may serve more than one term. 
 “(2)  Vacancy .— Any vacancy in the Panel shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. A member appointed to fill a vacancy in the Panel that occurs before the expiration of the term of appointment of the predecessor  137 STAT. 261 
of such member shall be appointed for the remainder of the term of such predecessor. 
 “(3)  Availability of reappointment for certain members .— Notwithstanding paragraph (1), a member of the Panel may be appointed to a single additional term if— “(A)  the appointment of the member is to fill a vacancy described in subsection (b)(4); or 
 “(B)  the member was initially appointed— “(i)  to a term of four years or less in accordance with subsection (b)(4); or 
 “(ii)  to fill a vacancy that occurs before the expiration of the term of the predecessor of such member and for which the remainder of the term of such predecessor is four years or less.” 
 
 
 
 .