SEC. 587.  BRIEFINGS ON IMPLEMENTATION OF UNIVERSAL PRE-KINDERGARTEN PROGRAMS IN SCHOOLS OPERATED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY. (a)  Deadline. Time period. Quarterly Briefings Required .— Not later than January 30, 2024, and on a quarterly basis thereafter until December 31, 2027, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the progress of the Secretary in implementing universal pre-kindergarten programs in schools operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity. 137 STAT. 283 
 (b)  Contents of Initial Briefing .— The initial briefing under subsection (a) shall include— (1)  identification of all locations under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense at which universal pre-kindergarten programs and child development centers are co-located; and 
 (2)  Estimate. an estimate of the number of children expected to transfer from child development centers to pre-kindergarten programs as a result of such programs being offered. 
 
 (c)  Contents of Subsequent Briefings .— Following the initial briefing under subsection (a), each subsequent briefing shall include— (1)  Costs. the total anticipated costs of funding universal pre-kindergarten programs in schools operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity; 
 (2)  Cost estimate. the estimated differential between the cost of caring for a child in a child development center versus the cost of a child’s participation in a pre-kindergarten program; 
 (3)  Cost estimate. the estimated differential between the costs of employing caregivers in child development centers versus the costs of employing teachers in pre-kindergarten programs; 
 (4)  the child-to-caregiver ratio requirements for child development centers versus the child-to-teacher ratio requirements for pre-kindergarten programs; 
 (5)  Assessment. a needs assessment of facilities for universal pre-kindergarten programs based on anticipated capacity; 
 (6)  Assessment. an assessment of the availability of teachers for pre-kindergarten programs; and 
 (7)  an indication of whether, and to what extent, members of the Armed Forces have expressed a preference for enrolling their children in pre-kindergarten programs rather than continuing care for such children in child development centers.