SEC. 588.  REPORT ON MENTAL HEALTH AND WELLNESS SUPPORT FOR STUDENTS ENROLLED IN SCHOOLS OPERATED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY. (a)  In General .— Not later than December 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on programs and policies to support mental health and wellness among students in schools operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity (referred to in this section as “DODEA Schools”). 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  A description of the mental health and wellness resources available to students enrolled in DODEA schools. 
 (2)  Overview. An overview of policies and procedures in place in DODEA schools to ensure that students are regularly screened for mental health and wellness. 
 (3)  Overview. An overview of policies and procedures in place in DODEA schools for administrators and teachers to communicate and coordinate with parents and guardians of students in such schools in cases in which students have a demonstrated need for mental health and wellness support. 
 (4)  Recommenda- tions. Any recommendations for new policies, programs, or resources to improve mental health and wellness support for students enrolled in DODEA schools. 137 STAT. 284 
 (5)  Assessment. An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of conducting a pilot program to detail licensed medical health care providers under the control of the Defense Health Agency to DODEA schools in order to improve mental health and wellness care for students enrolled in such schools. 
 (6)  Any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines to be relevant and appropriate for inclusion in the report. 
 
 (c)  Mental Health and Wellness Considerations .— In considering student mental health and wellness for purposes of this section, the Secretary of Defense shall, at a minimum, take into account the following conditions: (1)  Depression. 
 (2)  Suicidal ideation. 
 (3)  Anxiety. 
 (4)  Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). 
 (5)  Eating disorders. 
 (6)  Substance abuse. 
 (7)  Dual diagnosis conditions.