SEC. 581.  NON-MEDICAL COUNSELING SERVICES FOR MILITARY FAMILIES.    Section 1781 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(d)  Non-medical Counseling Services .— (1)  In carrying out its duties under subsection (b), the Office may coordinate programs and activities to provide non-medical counseling services to military families through the Department of Defense Military and Family Life Counseling Program. 
 “(2)  A mental health care professional described in paragraph (3) may provide non-medical counseling services at any location in a State, the District of Columbia, or a territory or possession of the United States, without regard to where the professional or recipient of such services is located or delivery of such services is provided (including face-to-face and telehealth), if the provision of such services is within the scope of the authorized Federal duties of the professional. 
 “(3)  A non-medical mental health professional described in this subsection is a person who is— “(A)  a currently licensed mental health care provider who holds a license that is— “(i)  issued by a State, the District of Columbia, or a territory or possession of the United States; and 
 “(ii)  recognized by the Secretary of Defense as an appropriate license for the provision of non-medical counseling services; 
 
 “(B)  a member of the armed forces, a civilian employee of the Department of Defense, or a contractor designated by the Secretary; and 137 STAT. 280 
 “(C)  performing authorized duties for the Department of Defense under a program or activity referred to in paragraph (1). 
 
 “(4)  Termination date. The authority under this subsection shall terminate three years after the date of the enactment of this subsection. 
 “(5)  Definition. In this subsection, the term ‘ non-medical counseling services ’ means mental health care services that are non-clinical, short-term and solution focused, and address topics related to personal growth, development, and positive functioning.” 
 
 .