SEC. 5403.  22 USC 10502 . PUBLICATION AND PROVISION OF LISTS REGARDING PROGRESS ON ANTI-CORRUPTION EFFORTS. (a)  Time period. Web posting. Public List .— The Secretary of State shall publish annually, on a publicly accessible website, a list of foreign countries where the government is sustaining or making good progress on anti-corruption efforts in accordance with the minimum standards set forth in section 5404. Such list shall include a brief description of each such country’s progress or justification for being on such list. 
 (b)  Classified List .— The Secretary of State shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a classified list of countries where the government is making limited or no efforts to comply with minimum standards set forth in section 5404, and are not achieving meaningful progress on combating corruption. Such list shall include a brief description of each country’s lack of progress or justification for being on such list. 
 (c)  Annual Update .— The Secretary of State shall provide an annual update in a classified setting to the appropriate congressional committees on the United States Government’s efforts to fight against corruption.  Overview. This update should include an overview  137 STAT. 945 
of the key obstacles to combating corruption and present near-term and long-term strategies. 
 (d)  Implementation and Timing .— (1)  Deadline .— The publication and submission of the lists and the annual update required by subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall be completed not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for seven years. 
 (2)  Report on methodology .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report detailing the methodology developed to assign countries to either the public list or the classified list and a proposed budget for preparing the first set of lists during the subsequent year. 
 
 (e)  Determination. Exception to Publication .— The Secretary may, in specific instances where the Secretary determines the inclusion of specific countries on the public list required by subsection (a) would not be in the national interests of the United States, submit the information required by subsection (a) about such specific countries in a classified manner in writing to the appropriate congressional committees, together with a justification for why publication would not be in the national interest. The justification, if applicable, shall be submitted the same date as the public list required by subsection (a).