“§ 502.   10 USC 502 . Annual report on electromagnetic spectrum operations strategy of the Department of Defense “(a)  Time periods. In General .— At the same time as the President submits to Congress the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31 for each of fiscal years 2025 through 2029, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Secretary of each of the military departments, shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual report on the Electromagnetic Spectrum Superiority Strategy of the Department of Defense. 
 “(b)  Contents of Report .— Each report required under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: “(1)  Overview. A description and overview of— “(A)  the electromagnetic spectrum strategy of the Department of Defense; 
 “(B)  how such strategy supports the national defense strategy under section 113(g) of this title; and 
 “(C)  the organizational structure assigned to oversee the development of the Department’s electromagnetic spectrum strategy, requirements, capabilities, programs, and projects. 
 
 “(2)  List. A list of all the electromagnetic spectrum operations acquisition programs and research and development projects of the Department of Defense and a description of how each program or project supports the Department’s electromagnetic spectrum strategy. 
 “(3)  For each unclassified program or project on the list required by paragraph (2)— “(A)  the senior acquisition executive and organization responsible for oversight of the program or project; 
 “(B)  whether or not validated requirements exist for the program or project and, if such requirements do exist, the date on which the requirements were validated and the organizational authority that validated such requirements; 
 “(C)  the total amount of funding appropriated, obligated, and forecasted by fiscal year for the program or project, including the program element or procurement line number from which the program or project receives funding; 
 “(D)  Schedule. the development or procurement schedule for the program or project; 
 “(E)  Assessments. an assessment of the cost, schedule, and performance of the program or project as it relates to the program baseline for the program or project, as of the date of the  137 STAT. 615 
submission of the report, and the original program baseline for such program or project, if such baselines are not the same; 
 “(F)  the technology readiness level of each critical technology that is part of the program or project; 
 “(G)  whether or not the program or project is redundant or overlaps with the efforts of another military department; and 
 “(H)  the capability gap that the program or project is being developed or procured to fulfill. 
 
 “(4)  Classified information. A classified annex that contains the items described in subparagraphs (A) through (H) of paragraph (3) for each classified program or project on the list required by paragraph (2).