SEC. 564.  SERVICE ACADEMY PROFESSIONAL SPORTS PATHWAY REPORT AND LEGISLATIVE PROPOSAL REQUIRED. (a)  Legislative Proposal .— Not later than March 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report including the following elements: (1)  Time periods. A legislative proposal that would— (A)  Update. update and clarify the legislative framework related to the ability of Service Academy graduates to pursue employment as a professional athlete prior to serving at least 5 years on active duty; and 
 (B)  retain the existing requirement that all Service Academy graduates must serve for 2 years on active duty before affiliating with the reserves to pursue employment as a professional athlete. 
 
 (2)  A description of amendments to current law that would be necessary to implement the legislative proposal described under paragraph (1). 
 
 (b)  10 USC 7448 note . Report Required .— Not later than March 1, 2024, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes the following information: (1)  The name, covered Armed Force, and sport of each Service Academy graduate released or deferred from active service in order to participate in professional sports. 
 (2)  A description of the sports career progress of each participant, such as drafted, signed, released, or returned to service in a covered Armed Force. 137 STAT. 275 
 (3)  Summary. A summary by participant of marketing strategy and recruiting related activities conducted. 
 (4)  Assessments. Determination. A description by participant of the assessments conducted by the military services to determine the recruiting value associated with approved releases from active duty. 
 (5)  The current status of each participant, including, as appropriate, affiliated franchise. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered Armed Force ” means the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Space Force. 
 (2)  The term “ Service Academy ” has the meaning given such term in  section 347 of title 10, United States Code .