SEC. 553.  JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS ADMINISTRATOR AND INSTRUCTOR COMPENSATION. (a)  In General .— Section 2031 of title 10, United States Code , as amended by sections 551 and 552, is further amended— (1)  by  amending  subsection (d) to read as follows: “(d) (1)  Instead of, or in addition to, detailing officers and noncommissioned officers on active duty under subsection (c)(1), the Secretary of the military department concerned may authorize qualified institutions to employ, as administrators and instructors in the program— “(A)  retired officers and noncommissioned officers whose qualifications are approved by the Secretary and the institution concerned and who request such employment; 
 “(B)  Time periods. officers and noncommissioned officers who are separated with an honorable discharge within the past 5 years  137 STAT. 271 
with at least 8 years of service and are approved by the Secretary and the institution concerned and who request such employment; or 
 “(C)  officers and noncommissioned officers who are active participating members of the selected reserve at the time of application, for purposes of section 101(d) of this title, and have not yet reached retirement eligibility and are approved by the Secretary and the institution concerned and who request such employment. 
 
 “(2)  Payments. Employment under this subsection shall be subject to the following conditions: “(A)  The Secretary concerned shall pay to the institution an amount equal to one-half of the Department’s prescribed JROTC Standardized Instructor Pay Scale amount paid to the member by the institution for any period. 
 “(B)  Determination. The Secretary concerned may pay to the institution more than one-half of the amount paid to the member by the institution if (as determined by the Secretary)— “(i)  the institution is in an educationally and economically deprived area; and 
 “(ii)  the Secretary determines that such action is in the national interest. 
 
 “(C)  Payments by the Secretary concerned under this subsection shall be made from funds appropriated for that purpose. 
 “(D)  The Secretary concerned may require successful applicants to transfer to the Individual Ready Reserve.” 
 
 
 ; 
 (2)  by  striking  subsections (e) and (f); and 
 (3)  by  redesignating  subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. 
 
 (b)  10 USC 2031 note . Treatment of Current Administrators and Instructors .— An administrator or instructor employed under  section 2031 of title 10, United States Code , on the date of enactment of this section shall not be subject to a reduction in total compensation as a result of such enactment.