SEC. 575.  LANGUAGE TRAINING CENTERS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.   Section 529 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ;  10 U.S.C. 2001 note  prec.)  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a), by  striking  “ may carry out a program ” and  inserting  “ shall carry out a program ”; 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subsection (e) as subsection (f); 
 (3)  by  inserting  after subsection (d) the following new subsection: “(e)  Grants. Contract Authority .— The Secretary of Defense may enter into one or more contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants with private national organizations having an expertise in foreign languages, area studies, and other international fields, for the awarding of grants to accredited universities, senior military colleges, or other similar institutions of higher education to establish and maintain language training centers authorized by subsection (a).” 
 ; and 
 (4)  in subsection (f), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A)  by  striking  “ one year after the date of the establishment of the program authorized by subsection (a) ” and  inserting  “ 180 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 ”; 
 (B)  by  striking  “ report on the program ” and  inserting  “ report on the Language Training Center program ”; 
 (C)  by  redesignating  paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); 137 STAT. 278 
 (D)  by  inserting  after paragraph (3) the following new paragraph: “(4)  Assessment. Time period. An assessment of the resources required to carry out the Language Training Center program by year through fiscal year 2027.” 
 ; and 
 (E)  in paragraph (5), as redesignated by subparagraph (C), by  striking  “ A recommendation whether the program should be continued and, if so, recommendations as to any modifications of the program ” and  inserting  “ Recommendations as to any modifications to the Language Training Center program ”.