SEC. 5603.  INTERNATIONAL PORT SECURITY ENFORCEMENT ACT.    Section 70108 of title 46, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in subsection (f)— (A)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ provided that ” and all that follows and  inserting  the following: “ if— ” “(A)  Certification. the Secretary certifies that the foreign government or international organization— “(i)  Assessment. has conducted the assessment in accordance with subsection (b); and 
 “(ii)  has provided the Secretary with sufficient information pertaining to its assessment (including information regarding the outcome of the assessment); and 
 
 “(B)  the foreign government that conducted the assessment is not a state sponsor of terrorism (as defined in section 3316(h)).” 
 ; and 
 (B)  by  amending  paragraph (3) to read as follows: “(3)  Limitations .— Nothing in this section may be construed— “(A)  to require the Secretary to treat an assessment conducted by a foreign government or an international organization as an assessment that satisfies the requirement under subsection (a); 
 “(B)  to limit the discretion or ability of the Secretary to conduct an assessment under this section; 
 “(C)  to limit the authority of the Secretary to repatriate aliens to their respective countries of origin; or 
 “(D)  to prevent the Secretary from requesting security and safety measures that the Secretary considers necessary to safeguard Coast Guard personnel during the repatriation of aliens to their respective countries of origin.” 
 
 ; and 
 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following: 137 STAT. 960 
 “(g)  State Sponsors of Terrorism and International Terrorist Organizations .— The Secretary— “(1)  may not enter into an agreement under subsection (f)(2) with— “(A)  a foreign government that is a state sponsor of terrorism (as defined in section 3316(h)); or 
 “(B)  an entity designated by the Secretary of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1189 ); and 
 
 “(2)  shall— “(A)  deem any port that is under the jurisdiction of a foreign government that is a state sponsor of terrorism as not having effective antiterrorism measures for purposes of this section and section 70109; and 
 “(B)  immediately apply the sanctions described in section 70110(a) to such port.” 
 
 
 .