SEC. 546.  10 USC 520 note . FUTURE SERVICEMEMBER PREPARATORY COURSE. (a)  Requirement .— If the number of nonprior service enlisted personnel covered under  section 520 of title 10, United States Code , exceeds 10 percent of the total number of persons originally enlisted in an Armed Force during a fiscal year, the Secretary concerned shall establish a future servicemember preparatory course within the Armed Force concerned. 
 (b)  Purpose .— The course established under subsection (a) shall be designed to improve the physical and aptitude qualifications of military recruits. 
 (c)  Compliance. Criteria .— Each course established under this section shall comply with the following requirements: (1)  Enrollment .— All nonprior service enlisted persons whose score on the Armed Forces Qualification Test is below the thirty-first percentile must be enrolled in the course prior to attending initial basic training. 
 (2)  Graduation requirement .— Prior to attending initial basic training, all enlisted persons attending the course established under this section must achieve a score on the Armed Forces Qualification Test that is at least 10 points higher than the individual’s most recent score taken prior to the individual’s date of enlistment. 
 (3)  Deadline. Effect of course failure .— Any enlisted person who fails to achieve course graduation requirements within 180 days of enlistment shall be separated under regulations prescribed by the Secretary concerned. 
 
 (d)  Time period. Report .— If a preparatory course under this section is established by the Secretary concerned, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the structure and results of the course for the preceding fiscal year by December 1st of the subsequent fiscal year. The report shall include the following elements: (1)  The number of individuals who attended the preparatory course. 
 (2)  The number of individuals who graduated the preparatory course. 
 (3)  The average improvement in the Armed Forces Qualification Test score for individuals who graduated from the prepatory course. 
 (4)  Any other matter the Secretary determines relevant. 
 
 (e)  Sunset .— The requirements of this section shall expire on September 30th, 2028.