SEC. 6702.  TRAINING FOR INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. (a)  Training Programs .— Section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 ( 22 U.S.C. 4028 )  is amended  by  adding  at the end of the following new subsection: “(e)  Training in Multilateral Diplomacy .— “(1)  In general .— The Secretary, in consultation with other senior officials as appropriate, shall establish training courses on— “(A)  the conduct of diplomacy at international organizations and other multilateral institutions; and 
 “(B)  broad-based multilateral negotiations of international instruments. 
 
 “(2)  Time period. Required training .— Members of the Service, including appropriate chiefs of mission and other officers who are assigned to United States missions representing the United States to international organizations and other multilateral institutions or who are assigned in other positions that have as their primary responsibility formulation of policy related to such organizations and institutions, or participation in negotiations of international instruments, shall receive specialized training in the areas described in paragraph (1) prior to the beginning of service for such assignment or, if receiving such training at that time is not practical, within the first year of beginning such assignment.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  22 USC 4028 note . Training for Department Employees .— The Secretary of State shall ensure that employees of the Department of State who are assigned to positions described in paragraph (2) of subsection (e) of section 708 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (as added by subsection (a) of this section), including members of the civil service or general service, or who are seconded to international organizations for a period of at least one year, receive training described in such subsection and participate in other such courses as the Secretary may recommend to build or augment identifiable skills that would be useful for such Department officials representing United States interests at these institutions and organizations.