SEC. 601.  PARENTAL LEAVE PARITY FOR MEMBERS OF CERTAIN RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. (a)  Parental Leave .— (1)  In general .— Chapter 40 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  inserting  after section 710 the following new section: “§ 711. 10 USC 711 .  Parental leave for members of certain reserve components of the armed forces “(a) (1)  Regulations. Time period. Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, a member of a reserve component of the armed forces described in subsection (b) is allowed parental leave for a duration of up to 12 inactive-duty training periods, under section 206 of title 37, during the one-year period beginning after the following events: “(A)  the birth or adoption of a child of the member and to care for such child; or 
 “(B)  the placement of a minor child with the member for adoption or long-term foster care. 
 
 “(2) (A)  The Secretary concerned, under uniform regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, may authorize leave described under subparagraph (A) to be taken after the one-year period described in subparagraph (A) in the case of a member described in subsection (b) who, except for this subparagraph, would lose unused parental leave at the end of the one-year period described in subparagraph (A) as a result of— “(i)  operational requirements; 
 “(ii)  professional military education obligations; or 
 “(iii)  other circumstances that the Secretary determines reasonable and appropriate. 
 
 “(B)  Requirement. Determination. The regulations prescribed under clause (i) shall require that any leave authorized to be taken after the one-year period described in subparagraph (A) shall be taken within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Secretary of Defense, after cessation of the circumstances warranting the extended deadline.; 
 
 
 “(b)  A member described in this subsection is a member of the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, or Space Force who is a member of— “(1)  the selected reserve who is entitled to compensation under section 206 of title 37; or 
 “(2)  the individual ready reserve who is entitled to compensation under section 206 of title 37 when attending or participating in a sufficient number of periods of inactive-duty training during a year to count the year as a qualifying year of creditable service toward eligibility for retired pay.” 
 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 40 of such title is 10 USC  prec. 701.  amended by  inserting  after the item relating to section 710 the following new item: 
 
 “711.  
 Parental leave for members of the reserve component of the armed forces.”. 
 
 
 
 (b)  Compensation .— Section 206(a) of title 37, United States Code ,  is amended  by  amending  paragraph (4) to read as follows: 137 STAT. 289 
 “(4)  for a regular period of instruction, period of appropriate duty, or such other equivalent training that a member would be required to perform but does not perform because such member was authorized to take parental leave pursuant to section 711 of title 10.” 
 . 
 (c)  Contribution of Leave Toward Entitlement to Retired Pay .— Section 12732(a)(2)(G) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  striking  “ 12 per period ” and all that follows through the end of the sentence and  inserting  the following: “ 1 per inactive-duty training period, under section 206 of title 37, during which the member is on parental leave under section 711 of this title. ”. 
 (d)  Credit for Retired Pay Purposes .— Section 602(b) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  10 U.S.C. 12732 note )  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ maternity leave ” and all that follows through “ birth of a child ” and  inserting  “ parental leave described in  section 12732(a)(2)(G) of title 10, United States Code , taken by a member of the reserve components of the Armed Forces ”; 
 (2)  in paragraph (2), by  striking  “ maternity leave ” and all that follows through “ childbirth event ” and  inserting  “ parental leave taken by the member ”; and 
 (3)  in paragraph (3), by  striking  “ maternity leave ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ parental leave ”. 
 
 (e)  10 USC 711 note . Effective Date .— This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2024, and apply with respect to periods of parental leave that commence on or after such date.