SEC. 612.  MODIFICATION OF SPECIAL AND INCENTIVE PAY AUTHORITIES FOR MEMBERS OF RESERVE COMPONENTS. (a)  In General .— Section 357 of title 37, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  striking  “ incentive pay ” and  inserting  “ special or incentive pay ”; 
 (2)  by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ if the Secretary concerned is paying the member of the reserve component the special or incentive pay for the purpose of— ”; and 
 (3)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(1)  maintaining a skill certification or proficiency identical to a skill certification or proficiency required of the member in the regular component; or 
 “(2)  compensating the member of the reserve component for exposure to hazards or risks identical to hazards or risks to which the member in the regular component was exposed.” 
 . 
 
 (b)  Conforming and Clerical Amendments .— (1)  Conforming amendment .— The section heading for  section 357 of title 37, United States Code ,  is amended  by  striking  “ Incentive ” and  inserting  “ Special and incentive ”. 137 STAT. 291 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections for chapter 5 of such title is 37 USC  prec. 301.  amended by  striking  the item relating to section 357 and  inserting  the following new item: 
 
 “357.  
 Special and incentive pay authorities for members of the reserve components of the armed forces.”. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Modification of Implementation Determination .— Section 602(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  37 U.S.C. 357 note )  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; 
 (2)  by  striking  “ The Secretary may ” and  inserting  the following: “(1)  In general .— The Secretary shall” 
 ; 
 (3)  in subparagraph (A), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by  striking  “ subsection (b) ” and  inserting  “ subsection (c) ”; and 
 (4)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(2)  Evaluation of types of special and incentive pay . Evaluation. — In making the determination and certification described in paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall evaluate each type or category of special and incentive pay separately and may make the determination and certification based on the effect on an Armed Force concerned of a particular type or category of special or incentive pay.” 
 .