SEC. 6405.  SPECIAL ENVOY TO THE PACIFIC ISLANDS FORUM. (a)  22 USC 2651a note . Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  the United States must increase its diplomatic activity and presence in the Pacific, particularly among Pacific Island nations; and 
 (2)  the Special Envoy to the Pacific Islands Forum— (A)  should advance the United States partnership with Pacific Island Forum nations and with the organization itself on key issues of importance to the Pacific region; and 
 (B)  should coordinate policies across the Pacific region with like-minded democracies. 
 
 
 (b)  Appointment of Special Envoy to the Pacific Islands Forum .— Section 1 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 ( 22 U.S.C. 2651a ), as amended by section 6303, is further amended by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(o)  Special Envoy to the Pacific Islands Forum .— “(1)  President. Appointment .— The President shall appoint, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a qualified individual to serve as Special Envoy to the Pacific Islands Forum (referred to in this section as the ‘Special Envoy’). 
 “(2)  Considerations .— “(A)  Selection .— The Special Envoy shall be— “(i)  a United States Ambassador to a country that is a member of the Pacific Islands Forum; or 
 “(ii)  a qualified individual who is not described in clause (i). 
 
 “(B)  Limitations .— If the President appoints an Ambassador to a country that is a member of the Pacific Islands Forum to serve concurrently as the Special Envoy to the Pacific Islands Forum, such Ambassador— “(i)  may not begin service as the Special Envoy until he or she has been confirmed by the Senate for an ambassadorship to a country that is a member of the Pacific Islands Forum; and 
 “(ii)  shall not receive additional compensation for his or her service as Special Envoy. 
 
 
 “(3)  Duties .— The Special Envoy shall— “(A)  represent the United States in its role as dialogue partner to the Pacific Islands Forum; and 
 “(B)  carry out such other duties as the President or the Secretary of State may prescribe.” 
 
 
 . 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this division, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes how the Department will increase its ability to recruit and retain highly-qualified ambassadors, special envoys, and other senior personnel in posts in Pacific island countries as the Department expands its diplomatic footprint throughout the region. 137 STAT. 999