SEC. 6222.  IMPROVING MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES FOR FOREIGN AND CIVIL SERVANTS. (a)  22 USC 4084 note . Additional Personnel to Address Mental Health .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary shall seek to increase the number of personnel within the Bureau of Medical Services  137 STAT. 979 
to address mental health needs for both foreign and civil servants. 
 (2)  Deadline. Employment targets .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this division, the Secretary shall seek to employ not fewer than 10 additional personnel in the Bureau of Medical Services, compared to the number of personnel employed as of the date of the enactment of this division. 
 
 (b)  Assessment. Study .— The Secretary shall conduct a study on the accessibility of mental health care providers and services available to Department personnel, including an assessment of— (1)  the accessibility of mental health care providers at diplomatic posts and in the United States; 
 (2)  the accessibility of inpatient services for mental health care for Department personnel; 
 (3)  steps that may be taken to improve such accessibility; 
 (4)  Time period. the impact of the COVID–19 pandemic on the mental health of Department personnel, particularly those who served abroad between March 1, 2020, and December 31, 2022, and Locally Employed Staff, where information is available; 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. recommended steps to improve the manner in which the Department advertises mental health services to the workforce; 
 (6)  hesitancy to seek out mental health services, due to perceptions and realities regarding the degree to which employees’ use of mental health services could impact their career trajectory, including security clearances; and 
 (7)  additional authorities and resources needed to better meet the mental health needs of Department personnel. 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this division, the Secretary shall submit to appropriate congressional committees a report containing the findings of the study under subsection (b).