SEC. 6502.  MANDATE TO REVISE DEPARTMENT OF STATE METRICS FOR SUCCESSFUL ECONOMIC AND COMMERCIAL DIPLOMACY. (a)  Mandate to Revise Department of State Performance Measures for Economic and Commercial  Review. Diplomacy.— The Secretary shall, as part of the Department’s next regularly scheduled review on metrics and performance measures, include revisions of Department performance measures for economic and commercial diplomacy by identifying outcome-oriented, and not process-oriented, performance metrics, including metrics that— (1)  measure how Department efforts advanced specific economic and commercial objectives and led to successes for the United States or other private sector actors overseas; and 
 (2)  focus on customer satisfaction with Department services and assistance. 
 
 (b)  Plan for Ensuring Complete Data for Performance Measures .— As part of the review required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include a plan for ensuring that— (1)  Updates. the Department, both at its main headquarters and at domestic and overseas posts, maintains and fully updates data on performance measures; and 
 (2)  Department leadership and the appropriate congressional committees can evaluate the extent to which the Department is advancing United States economic and commercial interests abroad through meeting performance targets. 
 
 (c)  List. Report on Private Sector Surveys .— The Secretary shall prepare a report that lists and describes all the methods through which the Department conducts surveys of the private sector to measure private sector satisfaction with assistance and services provided by the Department to advance private sector economic and commercial goals in foreign markets. 
 (d)  Report .— Not later than 90 days after conducting the review pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees— (1)  the revised performance metrics required under subsection (a); 
 (2)  the report required under subsection (c); and 
 (3)  a report on the status of and actions taken to implement section 708 of the Championing American Business through Diplomacy Act of 2019 ( title VII of division J of Public Law 116–94 ;  22 U.S.C. 9904 ).