SEC. 6306.  22 USC 10307 . DIGITAL CONNECTIVITY AND CYBERSECURITY PARTNERSHIP. (a)  Digital Connectivity and Cybersecurity Partnership .— The Secretary is authorized to establish a program, which may be known as the “Digital Connectivity and Cybersecurity Partnership”, to help foreign countries— (1)  expand and increase secure internet access and digital infrastructure in emerging markets, including demand for and availability of high-quality information and communications technology (ICT) equipment, software, and services; 
 (2)  protect technological assets, including data; 
 (3)  adopt policies and regulatory positions that foster and encourage open, interoperable, reliable, and secure internet, the free flow of data, multi-stakeholder models of internet governance, and pro-competitive and secure ICT policies and regulations; 
 (4)  access United States exports of ICT goods and services; 
 (5)  expand interoperability and promote the diversification of ICT goods and supply chain services to be less reliant on imports from the People’s Republic of China; 
 (6)  promote best practices and common standards for a national approach to cybersecurity; and 
 (7)  Determination. advance other priorities consistent with paragraphs (1) through (6), as determined by the Secretary. 
 
 (b)  Use of Funds .— Funds made available to carry out this section may be used to strengthen civilian cybersecurity and information and communications technology capacity, including participation of foreign law enforcement and military personnel in non-military activities, notwithstanding any other provision of law, provided that such support is essential to enabling civilian and law enforcement of cybersecurity and information and communication technology related activities in their respective countries. 
 (c)  Deadline. Time period. Implementation Plan .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this division, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives an implementation plan for the coming year to advance the goals identified in subsection (a). 
 (d)  Consultation .— In developing and operationalizing the implementation plan required under subsection (c), the Secretary shall consult with— (1)  the appropriate congressional committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; 
 (2)  United States industry leaders; 
 (3)  other relevant technology experts, including the Open Technology Fund; 
 (4)  representatives from relevant United States Government agencies; and 
 (5)  representatives from like-minded allies and partners. 
 
 (e)  Authorization of Appropriations .— For the purposes of carrying out this section, funds authorized to be appropriated to carry out chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of  137 STAT. 990 
1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2346 et seq. ) may be made available, notwithstanding any other provision of law to strengthen civilian cybersecurity and information and communications technology capacity, including for participation of foreign law enforcement and military personnel in non-military activities, and for contributions to international organizations and international financial institutions of which the United States is a member. Such funds shall remain available until expended.