SEC. 6504.  22 USC 9901 note . ESTABLISHMENT OF A “DEAL TEAM OF THE YEAR”  AWARD. (a)  Establishment .— The Secretary shall establish a new award, to be known as the “Deal Team of the Year Award”, and annually present the award to a deal team at one United States mission in each region to recognize outstanding achievements in  137 STAT. 1010 
supporting a United States company or companies pursuing commercial deals abroad or in identifying new deal prospects for United States companies. 
 (b)  Award Content .— (1)  Certificate. Department of state .— Each member of a deal team receiving an award pursuant to subsection (a) shall receive a certificate that is signed by the Secretary and— (A)  in the case of a member of the Foreign Service, is included in the next employee evaluation report; or 
 (B)  in the case of a Civil Service employee, is included in the next annual performance review. 
 
 (2)  Determination. Other federal agencies .— If an award is presented pursuant to subsection (a) to a Federal Government employee who is not employed by the Department, the employing agency may determine whether to provide such employee any recognition or benefits in addition to the recognition or benefits provided by the Department. 
 
 (c)  Eligibility .— Any interagency economics team at a United States overseas mission under chief of mission authority that assists United States companies with identifying, navigating, and securing trade and investment opportunities in a foreign country or that facilitates beneficial foreign investment into the United States is eligible for an award under this section. 
 (d)  Report .— Not later than the last day of the fiscal year in which awards are presented pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (1)  each mission receiving a Deal Team of the Year Award. 
 (2)  the names and agencies of each awardee within the recipient deal teams; and 
 (3)  a detailed description of the reason such deal teams received such award.