SEC. 724.  ANNUAL REPORT REGARDING OVERDOSES BY CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. (a)  Report Required .— (1)  Time period. In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for four years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the number of annual overdoses among covered members. 
 (2)  Contents .— The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  The total number of covered members who suffered a fatal or nonfatal overdose during the previous calendar year, including— (i)  demographic information, including gender, race, age, military department, military rank, pay grade, and station; 
 (ii)  the location of the fatal overdose, including whether the overdose was on a military base; and 
 (iii)  List. a list of the substances involved in the fatal overdose. 
 
 (B)  Of the covered members identified in subparagraph (A)— (i)  the number of covered members who received mental health or substance use disorder services prior to a fatal or nonfatal overdose, including a description of whether such services were received from a private sector provider; 
 (ii)  the number of covered members with comorbid mental health diagnoses; 
 (iii)  the number of covered members who had been prescribed opioids, benzodiazepines, or stimulants; 
 (iv)  the number of covered members who had been categorized as high-risk and prescribed or provided naloxone prior to a fatal or nonfatal overdose; 137 STAT. 308 
 (v)  the number of covered members who had a positive drug test prior to the fatal overdose, including any substance identified in such test; 
 (vi)  the number of covered members referred to, including by self-referral, or engaged in medical treatment, including medication treatment for opioid use disorder; 
 (vii)  with respect to each covered member identified in clause (vi), whether the covered member was referred after a positive drug test and the source of such referral; and 
 (viii)  the number of fatal overdoses and intentional overdoses. 
 
 (C)  Analysis. An analysis of discernable patterns in fatal and nonfatal overdoses of covered members. 
 (D)  A description of existing or anticipated response efforts to fatal and nonfatal overdoses at military bases that have rates of fatal overdoses that exceed the average rate of fatal overdoses in the United States. 
 (E)  Assessment. An assessment of the availability of substance use disorder treatment for covered members. 
 (F)  The number of medical facilities of, or affiliated with, the Department of Defense that have opioid treatment programs. 
 (G)  A description of punitive measures taken by the Secretary of Defense in response to substance misuse, substance use disorder, or overdose by covered member. 
 
 (3)  Privacy .— (A)  In general .— Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to authorize the disclosure by the Secretary of Defense of personally identifiable information of covered members or military family members, including anonymized personal information that could be used to identify covered members or military family members. 
 (B)  Application of hipaa .— In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary of Defense shall take steps to protect the privacy of covered members and military family members pursuant to regulations prescribed under section 264(c) of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( 42 U.S.C. 1320d–2 note ;  Public Law 104–191 ). 
 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered member ” means a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Space Force. 
 (2)  The term “ military family member ” means a family member of a covered member, including— (A)  the spouse, parent, dependent, or child of a covered member; or 
 (B)  an individual who has legal responsibility for the child of a covered member.