SEC. 714.  NETWORKS OF THE DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY: DELAYED IMPLEMENTATION; GAO STUDY. (a)  Reports. Temporary Prohibition .— The Secretary of Defense may not advance beyond phase one of the organizational advancement plan to establish nine networks of the Defense Health Agency for the management of military medical treatment facilities, announced on October 1, 2023, until the Comptroller General of the United States submits the report under subsection (b). 
 (b)  GAO Study on Defense Health Agency Management of Military Medical Treatment Facilities .— (1)  Study required .— The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study of the plan described in subsection (a). 
 (2)  Assessments. Elements .— The study under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: (A)  An assessment of the structure of such networks, including— (i)  the analytical basis for the size and number of networks established; 
 (ii)  Analysis. an analysis of personnel requirements for the network model; 
 (iii)  Review. a review of how input from internal and external stakeholders was incorporated; and 
 (iv)  Plans. the plans for achieving consolidation of business functions across military medical treatment facilities within the new networks; 
 
 (B)  an assessment of how the Director of the Defense Health Agency considered lessons learned from previous market offices, including the allocation of personnel and budgetary resource sharing; and 
 (C)  a comparison of the new network model to previous organizational structures of the Defense Health Agency, including market structures and component models. 
 
 (3)  Briefing; report .— Not later than May 1, 2024, the Comptroller General shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the preliminary findings of the study, with a report to follow at such time and in such format as is mutually agreed upon by the committees and the Comptroller General. 
 
 (c)  Technical Corrections .— (1)  Defense health agency regions in conus .— Subsection (c) of section 712 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ;  10 U.S.C. 1073c note )  is amended — (A)  in paragraph (1), in the paragraph heading, by  striking  “ Healthagency ” and  inserting  “ Health agency ”; and 
 (B)  in paragraph (2)(A), by  striking  “ military ”. 
 
 (2)  Defense health agency regions oconus .— Subsection (d)(3) of such section  is amended  by  striking  “ defense health regions ” and  inserting  “ Defense Health Agency regions ”. 137 STAT. 304 
 (3)  Planning and coordination .— Subsection (e)(1)(A) of such section  is amended  by  striking  “ defense health region ” and  inserting  “ Defense Health Agency region ”.