SEC. 7323.  REVIEW RELATING TO CONFIDENTIAL HUMAN SOURCE PROGRAM OF FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION. (a)  Procedures. Review .— The Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, in coordination with the Inspector General of the Department of Justice, shall conduct a review of the policies and procedures governing the confidential human source program of the Federal  137 STAT. 1039 
Bureau of Investigation (in this section referred to as the “program)” and the compliance by the Federal Bureau of Investigation with such policies and procedures, including— (1)  the policy of the Department of Justice titled “The Attorney General’s Guidelines Regarding the Use of FBI Confidential Sources” (or successor policy); and 
 (2)  Intelligence Community Directive 304 (or successor directive). 
 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The review under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An assessment of the compliance by the Federal Bureau of Investigation with the policies and procedures governing the program, including with respect to the management and validation of confidential human sources under such program. 
 (2)  An assessment of the means by which the Federal Bureau of Investigation conducts risk assessments relating to the continual validation of long-term confidential human sources under the program. 
 (3)  An assessment of the timeliness and completion rates of the reviews of confidential human sources under the program. 
 (4)  An identification of the data points assessed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation during such reviews and the State and local databases used in conducting such reviews. 
 (5)  List. A list containing an identification of each incident of noncompliance with a policy or procedure specified in paragraph (1). 
 
 (c)  Reports. Submission .— Not later than 90 days after the date on which the review under subsection (a) is completed, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of such review.