SEC. 7406.  INTELLIGENCE ASSESSMENT OF INFLUENCE OPERATIONS BY PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA TOWARD PACIFIC ISLANDS COUNTRIES. (a)  Assessment . Deadline. — Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research, in consultation with the heads of the other elements of the intelligence community that the Assistant Secretary determines appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of influence operations by the People’s Republic of China toward Pacific Islands countries. 
 (b)  Elements .— The intelligence assessment under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  A description of recent and potential future efforts by the People’s Republic of China, using either overt or covert means, to enhance its security, political, diplomatic, or economic ties with Pacific Islands countries. 
 (2)  An assessment of how the People’s Republic of China views the success of its efforts to expand influence in Pacific Islands countries, and the importance of such efforts to its national security, foreign policy, and economic development objectives. 
 (3)  An identification of Pacific Islands countries in which the People’s Republic of China has established, or is seeking to establish, an intelligence presence or intelligence partnerships. 
 (4)  An assessment of the degree to which the People’s Republic of China is using economic or other forms of coercion to pressure the Pacific Islands countries that diplomatically recognize Taiwan (the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Palau, Nauru, and Tuvalu) into instead recognizing the People’s Republic of China. 
 (5)  Analysis. An analysis of how specific Pacific Islands countries are responding to efforts by the People’s Republic of China to increase bilateral engagement. 
 (6)  An assessment of the influence of the People’s Republic of China in the Pacific Islands Forum (the main multilateral organization of the region) and of the efforts of the People’s Republic of China to establish parallel regional organizations and recruit Pacific Islands countries to participate. 
 (7)  Analysis. An analysis of opportunities for the United States to counter influence operations by the People’s Republic of China in the Pacific Islands region that undermine the national security or economic interests of the United States. 
 
 (c)  Classified information. Form .— The intelligence assessment under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form. 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 137 STAT. 1074 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on the Strategic Competition Between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Pacific islands countries .— The term “ Pacific Islands countries ” includes the Federated States of Micronesia, Fiji, French Polynesia, Kiribati, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Nauru, Palau, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Samoa, Niue, Tuvalu, and Vanuatu.