SEC. 7506.  INTELLIGENCE INNOVATION BOARD. (a)  Establishment of Intelligence Innovation Board .— There is established in the executive branch of the Federal Government a board to be known as the Intelligence Innovation Board (in this section referred to as the “Board”). 
 (b)  Recommenda- tions. Purpose .— The purpose of the Board is to provide to the Director of National Intelligence and the heads of the other elements of the intelligence community advice and recommendations on changes to the culture, organizational structures, processes, and functions of the intelligence community necessary to address the adoption of emerging technologies by the intelligence community and to accelerate such adoption. 
 (c)  Membership .— (1)  Appointment of members .— The Board shall be composed of 9 members appointed by the Director of National Intelligence, after consultation with the Chair and Ranking Member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Chair and Vice Chair of the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, from among citizens of the United States— (A)  who are not officers or employees of an element of the intelligence community; 
 (B)  who are eligible to hold an appropriate security clearance; 
 (C)  who have demonstrated academic, government, business, or other expertise relevant to the mission and functions of the intelligence community; and 
 (D)  Determination. who the Director of National Intelligence determines— (i)  meet at least 1 of the qualifications described in paragraph (2); and 
 (ii)  do not present any active or potential conflict of interest. 
 
 
 (2)  Qualifications .— (A)  In general .— The qualifications described in this paragraph are the following: (i)  A proven track record of sound judgment in leading or governing a large and complex private sector corporation or organization. 
 (ii)  A proven track record as a distinguished academic or researcher at an accredited institution of  137 STAT. 1087 
higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 )). 
 (iii)  Demonstrated experience in identifying emerging technologies and facilitating the adoption of such technologies into the operations of large organizations in either the public or private sector. 
 (iv)  Demonstrated experience in developing new technology. 
 (v)  Demonstrated experience in technical evaluations of commercial products. 
 (vi)  Demonstrated expertise in privacy and civil liberties implications associated with emerging technologies. 
 
 (B)  Membership structure .— The Director shall ensure that no more than 4 concurrently serving members of the Board qualify for membership on the Board based predominately on a single qualification set forth under subparagraph (A). 
 
 (3)  Chair .— The Board shall have a Chair, who shall be appointed by the Director of National Intelligence from among the members of the Board, after consultation with the Chair and Ranking Member of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Chair and Vice Chair of the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
 (4)  Deadline. Notifications .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Director of National Intelligence appoints a member to the Board under paragraph (1), or appoints a member of the Board as Chair under paragraph (3), the Director shall notify the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of such appointment in writing. 
 (5)  Terms .— (A)  In general .— Except as provided in subparagraph (B), each member of the Board shall be appointed for a term of 2 years. 
 (B)  Vacancies .— A member of the Board appointed to fill a vacancy occurring before the expiration of the term for which the predecessor of the member was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of that term. A vacancy in the Board shall not affect the powers of the Board and shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. 
 (C)  Certification. Reappointments .— A member of the Board may not be reappointed for an additional term, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives that reappointment for a single additional term is vital to the completion of an ongoing project or initiative of the Board. 
 
 (6)  Prohibition on compensation .— Members of the Board shall serve without pay. 
 (7)  Travel expenses .— Each member of the Board may reimbursement of reasonable travel expenses, subject to a process established by the Director and in accordance with  137 STAT. 1088 
applicable provisions under  subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code . 
 (8)  Meetings .— (A)  In general .— The Board shall meet as necessary to carry out its purpose and duties under this section, but shall meet in person not less frequently than on a quarterly basis. A majority of the members of the Board shall constitute a quorum. 
 (B)  Closed meetings .— Meetings of the Board may be closed to the public only to protect national security. 
 
 
 (d)  Staff .— (1)  Composition . Determination. — To the extent and in such amounts as specifically provided in advance in appropriations Act for the purposes detailed in this section, the Board shall be supported by full-time staff with requisite experience to assist the Board in carrying out its purpose and duties under this section in such number as the Director of National Intelligence determines appropriate. Such staff may be appointed by the Director of National Intelligence or detailed or otherwise assigned from another element of the intelligence community. 
 (2)  Security clearances .— Staff of the Board, shall, as a condition of appointment, detail, or assignment to the Board, as the case may be, hold appropriate security clearances for access to the classified records and materials to be reviewed by the staff, and shall follow the guidance and practices on security under applicable Executive orders and Presidential or agency directives. 
 
 (e)  Reports .— (1)  Effective date. Time period. Submission .— Beginning on the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Board is established, and once every 2 years thereafter until the date on which the Board terminates under subsection (i), the Board shall submit to the Director of National Intelligence and the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the activities of the Board, which shall include, with respect to the period covered by the report, the following: (A)  Assessment. An assessment of the efforts of the intelligence community taken during such period to accelerate the adoption of competitive emerging technologies by the intelligence community, including such efforts taken with respect to the culture, organizational structures, processes, or functions of the intelligence community. 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations on how the intelligence community may make further progress to accelerate such adoption, including recommendations on changes to the culture, organizational structures, processes, and functions of the intelligence community necessary for such accelerated adoption. 
 (C)  Any other matters the Board or the Director of National Intelligence determines appropriate. 
 
 (2)  Classified information. Form .— Each report under paragraph (1) may be submitted in classified form, but if so submitted shall include an unclassified executive summary. 
 
 (f)  Termination .— 137 STAT. 1089 
 (1)  In general .— Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Board shall terminate on September 30, 2026. 
 (2)  Time period. Notification. Renewal .— The Director of National Intelligence may renew the Board for an additional 2-year period following the date of termination specified in paragraph (1) if the Director notifies the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of such renewal. 
 
 (g)  Charter .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall establish a charter for the Board, consistent with this section. 
 (2)  Elements .— The charter established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Mandatory processes for identifying potential conflicts of interest, including the submission of initial and periodic financial disclosures by Board members. 
 (B)  The vetting of potential conflicts of interest by the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community. 
 (C)  The establishment of a process and associated protections for any whistleblower alleging a violation of applicable conflict of interest, Federal contracting, or other provision of law.