SEC. 7337.  ASSESSMENT OF AVAILABILITY OF MENTAL HEALTH AND CHAPLAIN SERVICES TO AGENCY EMPLOYEES. (a)  Assessment .— The Director of the Central Intelligence Agency shall conduct an assessment on the availability of the services of mental health professionals and chaplains with appropriate security clearances to employees of the Agency. Such assessment shall include— (1)  Evaluation. an evaluation of the current availability of and demand for such services globally; 
 (2)  an assessment of the feasibility of expanding the availability of such services; 
 (3)  Schedule. Cost estimate. information, including a detailed schedule and cost estimate, as to what would be required to increase the availability of such services for Agency employees located in the United States and abroad; and 
 (4)  information on the feasibility and advisability of requiring that each employee returning from a high risk or high threat tour, as designated by the Director, access the services of a mental health professional, chaplain, or both, at the option of the employee. 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than 210 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the assessment required by subsection (a). 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and 
 (B)  the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
 
 (2)  Chaplain .— The term “ chaplain ” means a member of the Chaplain Corps, as established under section 26 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 ( 50 U.S.C. 3527 ), whom the Director has certified as meeting common standards for professional chaplaincy and board certification by a national chaplaincy and pastoral care organization or equivalent. 
 (3)  Mental health professional .— The term “ mental health professional ” means an appropriately trained and certified professional counselor, medical professional, psychologist,  137 STAT. 1051 
psychiatrist, or other appropriate employee, as determined by the Director.