SEC. 7405.  ASSESSMENT OF THREAT POSED TO UNITED STATES PORTS BY CRANES MANUFACTURED BY COUNTRIES OF CONCERN. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Country of concern .— The term “ country of concern ” has the meaning given that term in section 1(m)(1) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 ( 22 U.S.C. 2651a(m)(1) ). 
 
 (b)  Assessment .— The Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with such other heads of the elements of the intelligence community as the Director considers appropriate and the Secretary of Defense, shall conduct an assessment of the threat posed to United States ports by cranes manufactured by countries of concern and commercial entities of those countries, including the Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy Industries Co. (ZPMC). 
 (c)  Report and Briefing .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report and provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the findings of the assessment required by subsection (b). 
 (2)  Elements .— The report and briefing required by paragraph (1) shall outline the potential for the cranes described in subsection (b) to collect intelligence, disrupt operations at  137 STAT. 1073 
United States ports, and impact the national security of the United States. 
 (3)  Form of report .— The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.