SEC. 7307.  IMPROVEMENTS RELATING TO INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY STAFFING, DETAILS, AND ASSIGNMENTS. (a)  Improvements Relating to Assignments and Details .— Section 102A(f)(3)(A) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3024(f)(3)(A) )  is amended — (1)  in the matter preceding clause (i), by  striking  “ personnel policies ” and  inserting  “ binding personnel policies ”; 
 (2)  by  amending  clause (i) to read as follows: “(i)  require and facilitate assignments and details of personnel to national intelligence centers, and between elements of the intelligence community over the course of the careers of such personnel;” 
 ; and 
 (3)  by  amending  clause (v) to read as follows: 137 STAT. 1027 
 “(v)  require service in more than one element of the intelligence community as a condition of promotion to such positions within the intelligence community as the Director shall specify, and take requisite steps to ensure compliance among elements of the intelligence community; and” 
 . 
 
 (b)  50 USC 3025 note . Required Staffing Document for Office of Director of National Intelligence .— (1)  Requirement .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall establish, and thereafter shall update as necessary, a single document setting forth each position within the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, including any directorate, center, or office within such Office. 
 (2)  Elements .— The document under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to each position set forth in the document, the following: (A)  A description of the position. 
 (B)  The directorate, center, office, or other component of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence within which the position is. 
 (C)  The element of the intelligence community designated to fill the position, if applicable. 
 (D)  The requisite type and level of skills for the position, including any special skills or certifications required. 
 (E)  The requisite security clearance level for the position. 
 (F)  The pay grade for the position. 
 (G)  Any special pay or incentive pay payable for the position. 
 
 (3)  Integrated representation .— In establishing and filling the positions specified in paragraph (1), the Director of National Intelligence shall take such steps as may be necessary to ensure the integrated representation of officers and employees from the other elements of the intelligence community with respect to such positions.