SEC. 7353.  SUPPORT BY INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY FOR CERTAIN CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAM OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. (a)  Access to Information .— Upon request by the cross-functional team of the Department of Defense established under section 910 of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  10 U.S.C. 111 note ) (in this section referred to as the “cross-functional team”), and consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, the head of any element of the intelligence community shall provide such team with access to any information (including any intelligence reporting, analysis, or finished intelligence product) of the element potentially relevant to the duties of such team required under subsection (b)(1) of such section. 
 (b)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed as waiving the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( Public Law 104–191 ) or any other applicable law regarding privacy or the protection of health information. 
 (c)  Staffing of Cross-functional Team by Certain Elements .— (1)  Staffing .— (A)  Covered elements .— The head of each covered element shall detail or assign to the cross-functional team, including through a joint duty assignment (as applicable), intelligence or counterintelligence personnel of that covered element in such numbers as the head, in consultation with such team, determines necessary to support such team in fulfilling the duties required under section 910(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  10 U.S.C. 111 note ). 
 (B)  Other elements .— The head any element that is not a covered element may only detail or assign to the cross-functional team, including through a joint duty  137 STAT. 1066 
assignment (as applicable), intelligence or counterintelligence personnel of such element if the head of such element— (i)  receives written concurrence from the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense regarding the specific personnel to be detailed or assigned; and 
 (ii)  Submission. Notification. submits to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a notification describing the personnel to be detailed or assigned and the rationale for participation in the cross functional team. 
 
 
 (2)  National security agency .— In carrying out paragraph (1) with respect to the National Security Agency, the Director of the National Security Agency shall ensure there is detailed or assigned to the cross-functional team at least 1 individual determined appropriate by the Director, who, while so detailed or assigned, shall provide such team with technical expertise of the National Security Agency relevant to the fulfilment of the duties referred to in paragraph (1). 
 
 (d)  Additional Detail Authority .— Upon request by the cross-functional team, the head of any element of the intelligence community may detail to such team personnel of the element to provide intelligence, counterintelligence, or related support. 
 (e)  Covered Element Defined .— In this section, the term “ covered element ” means the following: (1)  The National Security Agency. 
 (2)  The Defense Intelligence Agency. 
 (3)  The intelligence elements of the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, and the Marine Corps.