SEC. 7402.  INTERAGENCY WORKING GROUP AND REPORT ON THE MALIGN EFFORTS OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA IN AFRICA. (a)  Establishment .— (1)  In general .— The Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with such heads of elements of the intelligence community as the Director considers appropriate, shall establish an interagency working group within the intelligence community to analyze the tactics and capabilities of the People’s Republic of China in Africa. 
 (2)  Establishment flexibility .— The working group established under paragraph (1) may be— 137 STAT. 1071 (A)  independently established; or 
 (B)  to avoid redundancy, incorporated into existing working groups or cross-intelligence efforts within the intelligence community. 
 
 
 (b)  Report .— (1)  Definition of appropriate committees of congress .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  In general .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the working group established under subsection (a) shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the specific tactics and capabilities of the People’s Republic of China in Africa. 
 (3)  Assessments. Elements .— Each report required by paragraph (2) shall include the following elements: (A)  An assessment and description of efforts by the Government of the People’s Republic of China to exploit mining and reprocessing operations in Africa. 
 (B)  An assessment and description of efforts by the Government of the People’s Republic of China to provide or fund technologies in Africa, including— (i)  telecommunications and energy technologies, such as advanced reactors, transportation, and other commercial products; and 
 (ii)  by requiring that the People’s Republic of China be the sole provider of such technologies. 
 
 (C)  An assessment of opportunities for mitigation. 
 
 (4)  Form .— The report required by paragraph (2) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex if necessary. 
 
 (c)  Sunset .— The requirements of this section shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.