SEC. 7308.  INSIDER THREATS.   Section 102A(f) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3024(f) )  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (8) through (10) as paragraphs (9) through (11), respectively; and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after paragraph (7) the following new paragraph (8): “(8)  The Director of National Intelligence shall— “(A)  Assessment. Audits. conduct assessments and audits of the compliance of each element of the intelligence community with minimum insider threat policy; 
 “(B)  receive information from each element of the intelligence community regarding the collection, sharing, and use by such element of audit and monitoring data for insider threat detection across all classified and unclassified information technology systems within such element; 
 “(C)  Guidance. Oversight. provide guidance and oversight to Federal departments and agencies to fully implement automated records checks, consistent with personnel vetting reforms and the Trusted Workforce 2.0 initiative, or successor initiative, and ensure that information collected pursuant to such records checks is  137 STAT. 1028 
appropriately shared in support of intelligence community-wide insider threat initiatives; 
 “(D)  Evaluations. carry out evaluations of the effectiveness of counterintelligence, security, and insider threat program activities of each element of the intelligence community, including with respect to the lowest organizational unit of each such element, that include an identification of any gaps, shortfalls, or resource needs of each such element; 
 “(E)  Recommenda- tions. identify gaps, shortfalls, resources needs, and recommendations for adjustments in allocations and additional resources and other remedies to strengthen counterintelligence, security, and insider threat detection programs; 
 “(F)  Determinations. Notifications. pursuant to final damage assessments facilitated by the National Counterintelligence and Security Center that have been undertaken as a result of an unauthorized disclosure, determine whether the heads of the elements of the intelligence community implement recommended mitigation, and notify the congressional intelligence committees of such determinations and notify the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives in cases involving elements of the intelligence community withing the Department of Defense; and 
 “(G)  Study. Data. study the data collected during the course of background investigations and adjudications for security clearances granted to individuals who subsequently commit unauthorized disclosures, and issue findings regarding the quality of such data as a predictor for insider threat activity, delineated by the severity of the unauthorized disclosure.” 
 
 .