SEC. 7804.  REPORT AND BRIEFINGS ON CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY HANDLING OF ANOMALOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Agency .— The term “ Agency ” means the Central Intelligence Agency. 
 (2)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (3)  Qualifying injury .— The term “ qualifying injury ” has the meaning given such term in section 19A(d)(1) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 ( 50 U.S.C. 3519b(d)(1) ). 
 
 (b)  In General .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the handling of anomalous health incidents by the Agency. 
 (c)  Contents .— The report required by subsection (b) shall include the following: (1)  Priority cases .— (A)  Lists. A detailed list of priority cases of anomalous health incidents, including any cases that the Agency has assessed as potentially resulting from an external stimulus or the actions of a foreign actor, including, for each case, locations, dates, times, and circumstances of the anomalous health incidents. 
 (B)  For each priority case listed in accordance with subparagraph (A)— (i)  an explanation as to why such case was determined to be a priority case; 
 (ii)  a description of each entity assigned to investigate the case; 
 (iii)  a detailed explanation of each credible alternative explanation that the Agency assigned to the incident, including whether each individual affected by the incident was informed about and provided with an opportunity to appeal such credible alternative explanation; and 137 STAT. 1105 
 (iv)  a detailed account of the input, data, evidence, or opinions the Agency has received from other agencies or components of the Federal Government that the Agency may have used to reach a conclusion on such case. 
 
 (C)  For each priority case of an anomalous health incident determined to largely display the core characteristics of an anomalous health incident established by the Intelligence Community Experts Panel, including each case for which the Agency does not have a credible alternative explanation, a detailed description of such case. 
 
 (2)  Lists. Anomalous health incident sensors .— (A)  A list of all types of sensors that the Agency has developed or deployed with respect to reports of anomalous health incidents, including, for each type of sensor, the deployment location, the date and the duration of the employment of such type of sensor, and, if applicable, the reason for removal. 
 (B)  A list of entities to which the Agency has provided unrestricted access to data from sensors associated with anomalous health incidents. 
 (C)  A list of requests for support the Agency has received from elements of the Federal Government regarding sensor development, testing, or deployment, and a description of the support provided in each case. 
 (D)  A description of each emitter signature that the Agency prioritizes as a threat obtained by sensors associated with anomalous health incidents in Agency holdings since 2016, and an explanation of such prioritization. 
 
 
 (d)  Records. Additional Submissions .— Concurrent with the submission of the report required by subsection (b), the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress— (1)  a report on the length of time, from the time of initial application, for an applicant for payment under the Expanded Care Program of the Central Intelligence Agency to receive a determination from the Agency, disaggregated by qualifying injuries and qualifying injuries to the brain; 
 (2)  copies of all informational and instructional materials provided to employees of and other individuals affiliated with the Agency, with respect to applying for the Expanded Care Program; and 
 (3)  copies of Agency guidance provided to employees of and other individuals affiliated with the Agency, with respect to reporting and responding to a suspected anomalous health incident, and the roles and responsibilities of each element of the Agency tasked with responding to a report of an anomalous health incident. 
 
 (e)  Briefing Requirement .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency shall brief the appropriate committees of Congress on the report required by subsection (b). 
 (2)  Additional briefings .— Upon request of the appropriate committees of Congress, the Director shall brief such committees on anomalous health incidents. 137 STAT. 1106 
 (3)  Availability .— The Director shall ensure that employees and other personnel of the Agency are made available for briefings under this subsection.