SEC. 7310.  MATTERS RELATING TO CHIEF DATA OFFICERS OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. (a)  Prohibition on Simultaneous Service as Chief Data Officer and Chief Information Officer .— Section 103G of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3032 )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(d)  Prohibition on Simultaneous Service as Chief Data Officer and Chief Information Officer .— An individual serving in the position of Chief Information Officer of the Intelligence Community or chief information officer of any other element of the intelligence community shall not concurrently serve as the Intelligence Community Chief Data Officer under section 103K and as the chief data officer of any other element of the intelligence community.” 
 . 
 (b)  Deadlines. Clarification of Duties of Intelligence Community Chief Data Officer .— (1)  Clarification of data-related duties .— Section 103K(c)(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3034b(c)(4) )  is amended  by  inserting  “ relating to data ” after “ duties ”. 
 (2)  Determination. 50 USC 3034b note . Removal of unrelated duties and functions .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, consistent with section 103K(c) of the National Security  137 STAT. 1029 
Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3034b(c) ), as amended by paragraph (1), the Director of National Intelligence shall complete such internal reorganization of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence as the Director determines necessary to ensure that the duties of the Intelligence Community Chief Data Officer appointed under such section do not include any other duty that does not relate to an issue involving data. 
 (3)  Briefing .— Prior to the date on which the Director completes the reorganization under paragraph (2), the Director shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing regarding— (A)  the proposed reorganization; and 
 (B)  any other efforts of the Director to ensure that any future duties prescribed by the Director to be performed by the Intelligence Community Chief Data Officer pursuant to section 103K(c) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3034b(c) ), as amended by paragraph (1), relate exclusively to issues involving data, consistent with such section. 
 
 
 (c)  Reports .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each element of the intelligence community shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a written report regarding the organizational and reporting structure for the chief data officer of that element, including an identification of whether such chief data officer reports to, or is otherwise subordinate to, the chief information officer of that element and, if so, the rationale for such organizational and reporting structure. 
 (d)  Definition of Appropriate Committees of Congress .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.