SEC. 7333.  INSPECTOR GENERAL OF THE CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY QUARTERLY EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT SUMMARIES. (a)  Definition of Appropriate Congressional Committees .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (b)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 30 days after the last day of the first full fiscal quarter beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act and not later than 30 days after the last day of each fiscal quarter thereafter until the last fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2027, the Inspector General of the Central Intelligence Agency shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a summary of the engagement of employees of the Central Intelligence Agency with the Inspector General during that quarter. 
 (c)  Contents .— Each summary submitted pursuant to subsection (b) shall include each of the following for the quarter covered by the summary: (1)  The total number of reports filed with the Inspector General by employees of the Agency. 
 (2)  An identification of the nature of the allegation made in each such report, such as— (A)  fraud, waste, and abuse; 
 (B)  harassment or other personnel issues; 
 (C)  questionable intelligence activities; or 
 (D)  threats to health and safety. 
 
 (3)  For each such report— (A)  whether an investigation was initiated because of the report; 
 (B)  for any such investigation, whether the status of the investigation is initiated, in progress, or complete; and 
 (C)  for any completed investigation, whether the allegation made in the report was found to be substantiated or unsubstantiated, and whether any recommendations or criminal referrals were made as a result. 
 
 (4)  Records. A copy of any audit, assessment, inspection, or other final report completed by the Inspector General during the quarter covered by the summary.