SEC. 7401.  50 USC 3025 note . INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY COORDINATOR FOR ACCOUNTABILITY OF ATROCITIES OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 137 STAT. 1069 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Atrocity of the people’s republic of china .— The term “ atrocity of the People’s Republic of China ” means a crime against humanity, genocide, or a war crime committed by a foreign person who is— (A)  a member, official, or employee of the government of the People’s Republic of China; 
 (B)  a member, official, or employee of the Chinese Communist Party; 
 (C)  a member of the armed forces, security, or other defense services of the People’s Republic of China; or 
 (D)  an agent or contractor of a person specified in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C). 
 
 (3)  Commit .— The term “ commit ”, with respect to an atrocity of the People’s Republic of China, includes the planning, committing, aiding, and abetting of such atrocity of the People’s Republic of China. 
 (4)  Foreign person .— The term “ foreign person ” means— (A)  any person or entity that is not a United States person; or 
 (B)  any entity not organized under the laws of the United States or of any jurisdiction within the United States. 
 
 (5)  Government of the people’s republic of china .— The term “ government of the People’s Republic of China ” includes the regional governments of Xinjiang, Tibet, and Hong Kong. 
 (6)  United states person .— The term “ United States person ” has the meaning given that term in section 105A(c) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3039(c) ). 
 
 (b)  Deadlines. Intelligence Community Coordinator for Accountability of Atrocities of the People’s Republic of China .— (1)  Designation .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall designate a senior official of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to serve as the intelligence community coordinator for accountability of atrocities of the People’s Republic of China (in this section referred to as the “Coordinator”). 
 (2)  Duties .— The Coordinator shall oversee the efforts of the intelligence community relating to the following: (A)  Identifying and, as appropriate, disseminating within the United States Government, intelligence relating to atrocities of the People’s Republic of China. 
 (B)  Identifying analytic and other intelligence needs and priorities of the United States Government with respect to the commitment of atrocities of the People’s Republic of China. 137 STAT. 1070 
 (C)  Collaborating with appropriate counterparts across the intelligence community to ensure appropriate coordination on, and integration of the analysis of, the commitment of atrocities of the People’s Republic of China. 
 (D)  Ensuring that relevant departments and agencies of the United States Government receive appropriate support from the intelligence community with respect to the collection, analysis, preservation, and, as appropriate, downgrade and dissemination of intelligence products relating to the commitment of atrocities of the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 (3)  Plan required .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress— (A)  the name of the official designated as the Coordinator pursuant to paragraph (1); 
 (B)  Strategy. the strategy of the intelligence community for the prioritization and integration of intelligence relating to atrocities of the People’s Republic of China, including a detailed description of how the Coordinator shall support the implementation of such strategy; and 
 (C)  Review. the plan of the intelligence community to conduct a review of classified and unclassified intelligence reporting regarding atrocities of the People’s Republic of China for downgrading, dissemination, and, as appropriate, public release. 
 
 (4)  Briefings to congress .— Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than quarterly thereafter, the Director of National Intelligence, acting through the Coordinator, shall brief the appropriate committees of Congress on— (A)  the analytical findings, changes in collection, and other activities of the intelligence community with respect to atrocities of the People’s Republic of China; and 
 (B)  the recipients of intelligence reporting shared pursuant to this section in the prior quarter, including for the purposes of ensuring that the public is informed about atrocities of the People’s Republic of China and to support efforts by the United States Government to seek accountability for the atrocities of the People’s Republic of China, and the date of any such sharing. 
 
 
 (c)  Sunset .— This section shall cease to have effect on September 30, 2027.