SEC. 7702.  50 USC 3352h . TIMELINESS STANDARD FOR RENDERING DETERMINATIONS OF TRUST FOR PERSONNEL VETTING. (a)  President. Publication. Public information. Standards. Timeliness Standard .— (1)  In general .— The President shall, acting through the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent, establish and publish in such public venue as the President considers appropriate, new timeliness performance standards for processing personnel vetting trust determinations in accordance with the Federal personnel vetting performance management standards. 
 (2)  Quinquennial reviews .— Not less frequently than once every 5 years, the President shall, acting through the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent— 137 STAT. 1101 (A)  review the standards established pursuant to paragraph (1); and 
 (B)  pursuant to such review— (i)  Update. update such standards as the President considers appropriate; and 
 (ii)  Federal Register, publication. publish in the Federal Register such updates as may be made pursuant to clause (i). 
 
 
 (3)  Conforming amendment .— Section 3001 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 ( 50 U.S.C. 3341 )  is amended  by  striking  subsection (g). 
 
 (b)  Quarterly Reports on Implementation .— (1)  Public information. In general .— Not less frequently than quarterly, the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent shall jointly make available to the public a quarterly report on the compliance of Executive agencies (as defined in  section 105 of title 5, United States Code ) with the standards established pursuant to subsection (a). 
 (2)  Data. Disaggregation .— Each report made available pursuant to paragraph (1) shall disaggregate, to the greatest extent practicable, data by appropriate category of personnel risk and between Government and contractor personnel. 
 
 (c)  Complementary Standards for Intelligence Community .— The Director of National Intelligence may, in consultation with the Security, Suitability, and Credentialing Performance Accountability Council established pursuant to Executive Order 13467 ( 50 U.S.C. 3161 note ; relating to reforming processes related to suitability for Government employment, fitness for contractor employees, and eligibility for access to classified national security information) establish for the intelligence community standards complementary to those established pursuant to subsection (a).