SEC. 7602.  50 USC 3350a . PROMOTING EFFICIENT DECLASSIFICATION REVIEW. (a)  In General . Time period. — Whenever an agency is processing a request pursuant to  section 552 of title 5, United States Code  (commonly known as the “Freedom of Information Act”) or the mandatory declassification review provisions of Executive Order 13526 ( 50 U.S.C. 3161 note ; relating to classified national security information), or successor order, and identifies responsive classified records that are more than 25 years of age as of December 31 of the year in which the request is received, the head of the agency shall, in accordance with existing processes to protect national security under the Freedom of Information Act and the mandatory review provisions of Executive Order 12526, review the record and process the record for declassification and release by the National Declassification Center of the National Archives and Records Administration, unless the head of agency— (1)  Certification. makes a certification to Congress, including the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, the  137 STAT. 1097 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, that the declassification of certain components within the record would be harmful to the protection of sources and methods or national security, pursuant to existing processes; and 
 (2)  provides an explanation to Congress, including the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, for such certification. 
 
 (b)  Application .— Subsection (a) shall apply regardless of whether or not the record described in such subsection is in the legal custody of the National Archives and Records Administration.