SEC. 917.  MODIFICATION OF CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAM TO ADDRESS EMERGING THREAT RELATING TO ANOMALOUS HEALTH INCIDENTS.   Section 910 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  10 U.S.C. 111 note )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a), by  inserting  “ , including capabilities that plausibly could result in such incidents, ” after “ (as defined by the Secretary) ”; 
 (2)  in subsection (b), by  striking  paragraphs (1) through (3) and  inserting  the following new paragraphs: “(1)  to investigate and carry out such other activities as may be necessary— “(A)  to identify anomalous health incidents; 
 “(B)  Determination. to determine the causes and sources of such incidents, including identification of any individuals, entities, capabilities, or phenomena to which such incidents may plausibly be attributed; and 
 “(C)  to understand how such incidents may be mitigated and treated; 
 
 “(2)  Coordination. Research and development. to address the challenges posed by anomalous health incidents, including by coordinating research into— “(A)  non-kinetic capabilities that plausibly might result in such incidents, such as anti-personnel capabilities and directed energy capabilities; 
 “(B)  the detection and mitigation of such capabilities; and 
 “(C)  the development of countermeasures for such capabilities; 
 
 “(3)  to integrate and deconflict the efforts of the Department of Defense regarding anomalous health incidents with the efforts of other departments or agencies of the Federal Government regarding such incidents; and 
 “(4)  to undertake any other efforts regarding non-kinetic threats to personnel and anomalous health incidents that the Secretary considers appropriate.” 
 ; 
 (3)  in subsection (d), by  striking  “ in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and ”; and 
 (4)  in subsection (e)(2)— (A)  by  striking  “ March 1, 2026 ” and  inserting  “ March 1, 2028 ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ with respect to the efforts of the Department regarding anomalous health incidents ” an  inserting  “ on any activities carried out to fulfill the duties  137 STAT. 370 
specified in subsection (b) since the date of the preceding briefing under this section ”.