SEC. 924.  FEASIBILITY STUDY ON THE CONSOLIDATION OR TRANSFER OF SPACE FUNCTIONS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD TO THE SPACE FORCE. (a)  Study Required . Assessment. — The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study to assess the feasibility and advisability of transferring all covered space functions of the National Guard to the Space Force. 
 (b)  Analyses. Elements .— The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Recommenda- tions. An analysis and recommendations addressing, at a minimum, each of the following courses of action with respect to the covered space functions of the National Guard: (A)  Maintaining the current model under which the Air National Guard has units and personnel performing such functions. 
 (B)  Transferring such functions, including units and personnel, to the Space Force. 
 (C)  The establishment of a new National Guard component of the Space Force to perform such functions. 
 
 (2)  A cost-benefit analysis for each course of action addressed under paragraph (1). 
 (3)  Assessment. An assessment any risks or benefits to the mission or readiness of the Space Force, including the ability of the Space Force to meet applicable objectives of the National Defense Strategy, that may be presented by transferring or consolidating units of the Air National Guard as described in paragraph (1). 
 
 (c)  Interim Briefing . Deadline. — Not later than February 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives an interim briefing on the preliminary results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
 (d)  Final Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than March 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the final results of the study conducted under subsection (a), including the results of the study with respect to each element specified in subsection (b). 
 (2)  Form of report .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (e)  Covered Space Functions of the National Guard Defined .— In this section, the term “covered space functions of  137 STAT. 376 
the National Guard” means all units, personnel billets, equipment, and resources of the Air National Guard associated with the performance a space related function that is (as determined by the Secretary of the Air Force, in consultation with the Chief of Space Operations)— (1)  a core space-related function of the Space Force; or 
 (2)  otherwise integral to the mission of the Space Force.