SEC. 920.  10 USC 240b note . METRICS TO OPERATIONALIZE AUDIT READINESS. (a)  Metrics Required .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall develop a set of metrics that reflect the Secretary’s audit remediation goals and metrics to measure progress made by the military departments with respect to such goals. 
 (2)  FFRDC support . Contracts. — The Secretary of Defense may enter into a contract or other agreement with a federally funded research and development center or university-affiliated research center to support the development of the metrics required under paragraph (1). 
 (3)  Deadline .— The Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement an initial set of metrics under paragraph (1) by not later than April 30, 2025. 
 
 (b)  Leader Performance Assessments .— (1)  Evaluation. In general .— The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, shall evaluate means by which the metrics developed under subsection (a) can be used in the performance evaluation of general officers, flag officers, and employees of the military departments who are members of the Senior Executive Service. 
 (2)  Briefing required . Deadline. — Not later than September 30, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the evaluation conducted under paragraph (1). The briefing shall include the following: (A)  Identification of the general officer, flag officer, and Senior Executive Service positions in the military departments for which it would be appropriate to use the  137 STAT. 373 
metrics developed under subsection (a) in support of the performance evaluation process. 
 (B)  Evaluation. Evaluations of available measures to reward or recognize superior or above-average performance with respect to such metrics. 
 (C)  Assessment of the potential value, and challenges, to integrating such measures into the annual performance evaluations for positions identified under subparagraph (A). 
 (D)  Any other issues the Secretary considers appropriate.