150. B–21 bomber aircraft program accountability matrices (a) Submittal of matrices Concurrent with the President’s annual budget request submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2027, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Comptroller General of the United States— (1) the matrices described in subsection (b) relating to the B–21 bomber aircraft program; and  (2) the estimate, as of the date of such submission, for the program's average procurement unit cost, acquisition unit cost, and life-cycle costs.  (b) Matrices described The matrices described in this subsection are the following:  (1) Program goals and execution A matrix that identifies, in six-month increments, plans for and progress in achieving key milestones and events, and specific performance metric goals and actuals for the development, production, and sustainment of the B–21 bomber aircraft program, which shall be subdivided, at a minimum, according to the following:  (A) Technology readiness levels of major components, and associated risks and key demonstration events through maturity (technology readiness level 7) for baseline and modernization efforts. (B) Engine design maturity, and plans and progress of engine test events. (C) Software development progress and related metrics, including— (i) percent of capabilities complete and system features complete; and  (ii) software quality metrics. (D) Manufacturing progress and related metrics for the prime contractor and key suppliers, including— (i) manufacturing readiness levels through level 8;  (ii) touch labor hours; and  (iii) scrap, rework, and repair. (E) System verification and key ground and flight test events for developmental and operational testing, including— (i) percent complete;  (ii) time on condition;  (iii) sorties; and  (iv) test points. (F) Aircraft reliability, availability, and maintainability metrics, including— (i) mean time to repair;  (ii) operational availability;  (iii) mission capable; and  (iv) cost per flying hour. (G) Operations and sustainment plans and progress, including— (i) main operating base setup;  (ii) training system deliveries;  (iii) depot maintenance; and  (iv) technology data packages.  (2) Cost A matrix expressing, in six-month increments, the total cost for the Air Force service cost position for the engineering and manufacturing development phase and production lots of the B–21 bomber aircraft, and a matrix expressing the total cost for the prime contractor’s estimate for such phase and production lots, each of which shall be phased over the entire engineering and manufacturing development period and subdivided according to the costs of the following: (A) Air vehicle. (B) Propulsion. (C) Mission systems. (D) Vehicle subsystems. (E) Air vehicle software. (F) Systems engineering. (G) Program management. (H) System test and evaluation. (I) Support and training systems. (J) Contract fee. (K) Engineering changes. (L) Direct mission support, including congressional general reductions. (M) Government testing. (c) Semiannual update of matrices (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits the matrices required by subsection (a), concurrent with the submittal of each annual budget request to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, thereafter, and not later than 180 days after each such submittal, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Comptroller General updates to the matrices described in subsection (b).  (2) Elements Each update submitted under paragraph (1) shall detail progress made toward the goals identified in the matrix described in subsection (b)(1) and provide updated cost estimates. (d) Assessment by Comptroller General of the United States Not less frequently than annually, the Comptroller General shall— (1) review the sufficiency of each matrix received under this section; and  (2) submit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of such matrix, including by identifying cost, schedule, or performance trends. (e) Repeal Section 238 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ; 130 Stat. 2067) is repealed.