1703. Temporary authority for nonimmigrant construction workers on Wake Island (a) Authorization An alien, if otherwise qualified, may seek admission to the United States as a nonimmigrant under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) ), notwithstanding the requirement of such section that the service or labor be temporary, for a period of up to 3 years, to perform a service or labor pursuant to a contract or subcontract related to construction, repairs, or renovations connected to, supporting, or associated with, a military installation on Wake Island.  (b) Exemption from numerical limitations An alien admitted pursuant to subsection (a) shall not count against the numerical limitations set forth in section 214(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1184(g) ).  (c) Cancellation of visas for misuse A visa or other document authorizing admission of an alien to the United States for the purpose of performing a service or labor related to construction on Wake Island shall be canceled if the alien enters an area within the United States other than Wake Island, Guam, the Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands, or a United States Minor Outlying Island in the Pacific. (d) Transferability Notwithstanding any other provision of law— (1) an alien admitted to Guam pursuant to 6(b)(1) of  Public Law 94–241  ( 48 U.S.C. 1806(b)(1) ) may perform a service or labor pursuant to a contract or subcontract related to construction, repairs, or renovations connected to, supporting, or associated with, a military installation on Wake Island; and  (2) an alien admitted to the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands pursuant to 6(b)(1) of  Public Law 94–241  ( 48 U.S.C. 1806(b)(1) ) may perform a service or labor pursuant to a contract or subcontract related to construction, repairs, or renovations connected to, supporting, or associated with, a military installation on Wake Island.  (e) Period of applicability An alien may seek admission to the United States pursuant to subsection (a) during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this section and ending on December 31, 2030.