1093. Critical infrastructure compatibility tabletop exercise (a) Requirements Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a tabletop exercise designed to assess the resiliency of United States military installations and their surrounding communal capabilities to collaboratively respond to weather disasters or adversarial attacks made against the United States homeland. The tabletop exercise required under this section shall be designed to— (1) be planned and executed across geographically-dispersed organizations; (2) integrate policies, procedures, capabilities, and applicable authorities to ensure mission assurance during and after cybersecurity incidents involving intelligent energy control systems, traffic control systems, and incident response systems; and (3) include, as participating organizations, appropriate municipal, county, State, and Federal government entities, and public and private critical infrastructure service providers such as energy, water, wastewater, transportation, and communications, and others as appropriate. (b) Elements A tabletop exercise required under subsection (a) shall be designed to evaluate, at a minimum, the following elements: (1) The resilience of community critical infrastructure to enhance, advance, and supplant that of surrounding military installations in the event of attacks upon military critical infrastructure. (2) The ability of a military installation, in coordination with community leadership, to coordinate efforts and operationalize available infrastructure and resources presented by defense communities in the area surrounding the military installation. (3) State and Federal Government response options to maintain the viability of domestic critical infrastructure in the event of a disruption lasting multiple days across more than one region. (4) An assessment of the mobility of the Armed Forces from their installations in the event of an attack upon critical infrastructure and logistical chokepoints. (5) The resiliency of military key command and control nodes during the tabletop exercise. (c) Consultation requirement In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall consult with the Secretaries of each of the military departments and the heads of such Federal departments and agencies as the Director determines appropriate. (d) Briefing Following the conclusion of the tabletop exercise required under subsection (a), the Director shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing, on the exercise. Such briefing shall include— (1) observations and lessons learned as a result of the tabletop exercise; (2) recommendations to improve the resiliency of, and reduce vulnerabilities in, the domestic critical infrastructure of the United States in the event of a military contingency; and (3) recommendations to enhance cooperation between military installations and local communities that promotes comprehensive community planning with attention to operational resiliency.