1071. Assessment on potential establishment of incubator programs for secure facilities and networks at universities (a) Assessment The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment on the feasibility, advisability, and potential benefits to the Department of Defense of establishing incubator programs for the development, operation, and sustainment of secure facilities and networks at the campuses of select institutions of higher education across the United States for the following purposes: (1) Accelerating the development and transition of innovative technologies to meet national security needs. (2) Increasing the availability of secure facilities and networks for the conduct of classified work at such campuses. (3) Fostering collaboration between academic researchers, private sector entities, and Department of Defense personnel. (4) Expanding the pool of technical talent holding security clearances and available to support Department of Defense organizations and personnel in critical defense technology areas. (5) Developing regional innovation hubs that strengthen the national security innovation base. (b) Considerations In conducting the assessment under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider— (1) diverse use cases for the secure facilities and networks under the programs referred to in such subsection, including the use of such facilities and networks for the conduct of secure meetings and classified research and development activities with respect to innovative technologies; and (2) the potential for establishing cost-sharing agreements with institutions of higher education, other Federal departments and agencies, State, local, and Tribal governments, and private sector partners for the development, operation, and sustainment of secure facilities and networks under such programs. (c) Elements The assessment under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) An identification by the Secretary of objective characteristics and other criteria for the selection of institutions of higher education to participate in a program referred to in such subsection (a), which shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A) The absence of a fully functional secure facility and network on the campus of the institution at the time of such selection. (B) The commitment of the institution to national security, as demonstrated through the offering of relevant research and development activities and workforce development opportunities. (C) The presence of an existing relationship between the institution and the Department of Defense, defense industry partners, other Federal departments and agencies, and State, local, and Tribal governments, including opportunities for cost-sharing or other State economic development incentives under the program if selected. (D) The technical capabilities of the institution relevant to defense innovation priorities, including the presence of key infrastructure or instrumentation that may be used for the conduct of classified programs. (E) The capacity of the institution to support the administrative and security requirements of operating a secure facility and network, including to support co-use agreements with other partners requiring shared space for meetings, storage, or computing involving classified information. (F) The location of the institution and whether selection of the institution would promote geographic distribution to ensure nationwide access to secure facilities and networks, particularly in underrepresented States.  (G) The economic viability and sustainability of any secure facility or network proposed to be deployed at the campus of the institution if selected, as determined through business use case analyses. (2) A plan for the implementation of the programs referred to in subsection (a), including, at a minimum, an identification of not fewer than five institutions of higher education that the Secretary determines would meet the criteria identified pursuant to paragraph (1). (d) Submission to Congress Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the results of the assessment under subsection (a). (e) Definitions In this section: (1) The term  institution of higher education  has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 ). (2) The term  underrepresented State  means any State or territory eligible to participate in the program of the Department known as the  Defense Established Program to Stimulate Competitive Research  program.