1266.  Joint program with Taiwan to enable fielding of uncrewed systems and counter-uncrewed systems capabilities (a) In general Not later than March 1, 2026, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and acting through the Director of the American Institute in Taiwan, shall seek to engage with appropriate officials of Taiwan in a joint program for the purpose of enabling the fielding of uncrewed systems and counter-uncrewed systems capabilities, including co-development and co-production of such capabilities, for the Armed Forces of the United States and the military forces of Taiwan, consistent with the Taiwan Relations Act ( 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq. ). (b) Use of authorities In carrying out a joint program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense may use the authorities under title 10, United States Code, and other applicable statutory authorities available to the Secretary. (c) Briefing (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2029, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the joint program under subsection (a).  (2) Elements Each briefing required by paragraph (1) shall include, for the period covered by the briefing, the following: (A) A summary of engagements under subsection (a). (B) A description of activities undertaken by the Secretary of Defense and appropriate officials of Taiwan to enable the fielding of uncrewed systems and counter-uncrewed systems capabilities described in subsection (a). (C) A description of progress made in finalizing defense trade foundational agreements between the United States and Taiwan, including— (i) a memorandum of understanding on reciprocal defense procurement; (ii) a security of supply agreement; (iii) an acquisition and cross-servicing agreement; (iv) a general security of military information agreement; and (v) a cyber maturity model certification. (D) An identification of the additional resources or authorities necessary to enable the fielding of uncrewed systems and counter-uncrewed systems capabilities described in subsection (a). (E) Any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. (d) Appropriate committees of Congress defined In this section, the term  appropriate committees of Congress  means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and  (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.