1622. Sensitive activities of the Department of Defense (a) Oversight of Department of Defense Sensitive Activities Chapter 3  of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after  section 130f  the following new section: 130g. Oversight of sensitive activities of the Department of Defense. (a) Requirement The Secretary of Defense shall keep the congressional defense committees fully and currently informed of Department of Defense sensitive activities. (b) Notification In addition to the requirement under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notification of any compromise or failure of a sensitive activity of the Department of Defense by not later than 48 hours after the date on which the Secretary determines that such a compromise or failure has occurred. (c) Procedures The Secretary, in consultation with the congressional defense committees, shall establish and submit to such committees procedures for complying with the requirements of subsections (a) and (b), including clearly established reporting thresholds and timelines for the prompt delivery of written notifications consistent with the national security of the United States and the protection of operational security. The Secretary shall promptly notify the congressional defense committees in writing of any changes to such procedures at least 14 days prior to the adoption of any such changes. (d) Sensitive activities defined In this section, the term  Department of Defense sensitive activities  means operations, actions, activities, or programs of the Department of Defense that if compromised, could have enduring adverse effects on United States foreign policy, Department of Defense activities, or military operations, or cause significant embarrassment to the United States, its allies, or the Department of Defense. Such activities are generally handled through special access, compartmented, or other sensitive control mechanisms.  . (b) Application of notifications The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, establish the procedures under subsection (c) of section 130g of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section; and (2) not later than 90 days after the date of such establishment, begin making notifications under subsection (b) of such section 130g.