1214. Assessment and establishment of office to support the acquisition of specified non-program of record systems by foreign allies and partners (a) Assessment Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall complete an assessment to determine the optimal organizational structure, authorities, reporting relationships, and resource requirements to manage effectively the acquisition of specified non-program of record systems by foreign allies and partners. (b) Establishment Not later than October 1, 2026, the Secretary of Defense shall establish an office to support the acquisition of specified non-program of record systems by foreign allies and partners, including the process for updating relevant Department of Defense-wide guidance, directives and instructions. (c) Responsibilities The office required by subsection (b) shall be responsible for the following: (1) Coordinating with allies and partners to identify and procure specified non-program of record systems. (2) Facilitating discussions between industry and foreign allies and partners on new specified non-program of record systems. (3) Liaising with combatant commands to identify new specified non-program of record systems aligned with the strategic priorities of the combatant commands for theater security cooperation. (4) Promoting capabilities with foreign allies and partners that align with priority capabilities for the combatant commands. (5) Developing foreign military sales cases for specified non-program of record systems to expedite deliveries of such systems to foreign allies and partners. (6) Coordinating internal Department of Defense approval processes to expedite the delivery of specified non-program of record systems. (7) Other relevant responsibilities as determined by the Secretary. (d) Briefing Not later than 30 days after completion of the assessment required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate with a briefing on the responsibilities, resources, and plan of activities for the non-program of record office that is to be established in accordance with subsection (b).  (e) Specified non-program of record system defined In this section, the term  specified non-program of record system  means a system that does not exist formally as a program of record within the Department of Defense, including the following:  (1) Type A (Modified/Former Department of Defense program of record), which includes requests to modify an existing program of record with non-program of record elements and requests tied to former programs of record. (2) Type B (Military Unique), which includes commercial capabilities that are designed, modified, or built specifically for military applications and are not current or former programs of record. (3) Type C (Commercial), which includes a  commercial product — (A) as such term is defined in section 2.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation; and (B) that is not classified.