2517. Authority for certain personnel (a) In general The Commandant may appoint, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 (other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such chapter) of title 5, qualified candidates to any of the following positions in the competitive service (as defined in section 2102 of title 5) in the Coast Guard: (1) Any category of medical or health professional positions within the Coast Guard. (2) Any childcare services position. (3) Any position in the Coast Guard housing office of a Coast Guard installation, the primary function of which is supervision of Coast Guard housing covered by subchapter III of chapter 29 of this title. (4) Any nonclinical specialist position the purpose of which is the integrated primary prevention of harmful behavior, including suicide, sexual assault, harassment, domestic abuse, and child abuse. (5) Any special agent position of the Coast Guard Investigative Service. (6) The following positions at the Coast Guard Academy: (A) Any civilian faculty member appointed under section 1941. (B) A position involving the improvement of cadet health or well-being. (b) Limitation The Commandant shall only appoint qualified candidates under the authority provided by subsections (a) and (b) if the Commandant determines that there is a shortage of qualified candidates for the positions described in such subsection or a critical hiring need for such positions. (c) Briefing requirement Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2025, and annually thereafter for the following 5 years, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a written briefing which describes the use of the authority provided under this section on an annual basis, including the following: (1) The number of employees hired under the authority provided under this section within the year for which the briefing is provided. (2) The positions and grades for which employees were hired. (3) A justification for the Commandant’s determination that such positions involved a shortage of qualified candidates or a critical hiring need. (4) The number of employees who were hired under the authority provided under this section who have separated from the Coast Guard. (5) Steps the Coast Guard has taken to engage with the Office of Personnel Management under subpart B of part 337 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, for positions for which the Commandant determines a direct hire authority remains necessary. (d) Sunset The authority provided under subsection (a) shall expire on September 30, 2030.