242. Biotechnology Management Office (a) Designation of senior official Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior official, with relevant biotechnology experience, from a position within the Department of Defense that was in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, to— (1) be the senior official for biotechnology issues; (2) be the head of the Biotechnology Management Office established under subsection (b); and (3) carry out the responsibilities for the office in subsection (c). (b) Establishment of Biotechnology Management Office Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, with input from the senior official designated under subsection (a), charter and establish, under the authority, direction, and control of the Deputy Secretary of Defense, a Biotechnology Management Office to foster the development, acquisition, and sustainment of broad-based biotechnology capabilities for the Department. (c) Responsibilities The office established under subsection (b) shall be responsible for the following: (1) Maintaining and executing the Defense Biotechnology Strategy required by section 246, including development and execution of a long-term research, development, acquisition, and sustainment roadmap. (2) Updating policies and guidance within the Department relating to the acquisition, adoption, and transition of biotechnology-based products into Department use. (3) Coordinating with activities across the Department, the Federal Government, industry, academia, and international partners relating to biotechnology. (4) Proposing options for streamlining the regulatory or acquisition process of the Department. (5) Conducting, as may be needed, global competition analyses, net assessment, or forecasting to support decisionmakers on biotechnology advances. (6) Supporting the development of public-private partnerships with academia, industry, and other State and local government partners, including through the development or fostering of regionally focused innovation ecosystems. (7) Identifying biotechnology workforce and training gaps across the workforce of the Department. (8) Such other responsibilities as the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) Sunset This section shall terminate on September 30, 2030. (e) Briefing Not later than 30 days after the designation of the senior official pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the proposed scope of the charter for the office to be established pursuant to subsection (b), as well as implementation plans for preliminary activities the office will pursue during the proceeding one-year period.