2867. Land conveyance, former Curtis Bay Depot, Maryland (a) Conveyance authorized (1) In general The Administrator of General Services, in consultation with the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency may convey to the Maryland Economic Development Corporation (in this section, referred to as  MEDCO ), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 435.00 acres at 710 Ordnance Road, the former Curtis Bay Depot for the purpose of economic development. (2) Consultation with coast guard In carrying out the conveyance under this subsection, the Administrator shall consult with the Secretary of Homeland Security with respect to matters concerning the equities of the Coast Guard in areas in proximity to such parcel of real property. (b) Consideration required As consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a), MEDCO shall provide an amount that is equivalent to the fair market value to the Federal Buildings Fund for the right, title, and interest conveyed under such subsection, based on an appraisal approved by the Administrator. The consideration under this subsection may be provided by cash payment, in-kind regulatory closure, or a combination thereof, at such time as the Administrator may require. (c) Payment of costs of conveyance (1) Payment required The Administrator may require MEDCO to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Administrator, or to reimburse the Administrator for costs incurred by the Administrator, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from MEDCO in advance of the Administrator incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Administrator to carry out the conveyance, the Administrator shall refund the excess amount to MEDCO. (2) Treatment of amounts received Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reimbursement for costs incurred by the Administrator to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall remain available until expended. (d) Description of property The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Administrator. (e) Additional terms and conditions The conveyance under this section shall be subject to the following: (1) The Administrator may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Administrator considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (2) MEDCO shall execute a purchase and sale agreement within one year of enactment of this Act. (3) The conveyance will be on an  as-is, where is  basis via quitclaim deed subject to an access easement to the United States Army Reserve Facility along the shoreline of Curtis Bay, and controls in paragraph (5). (4) The conveyance will be in compliance with the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (CERCLA) of 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 9620(h) ). (5) The Federal Government shall incorporate land use controls to satisfy CERCLA requirements for the purpose of expediting disposition and subsequent redevelopment.