334. Designation of senior officials responsible for integration of global contested logistics posture management (a) Designation of senior military department officials Chapter 131  of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 2229b. Responsibility for contested logistics posture management (a) In general The Deputy Secretary of Defense, the Vice Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Commander of the United States Transportation Command shall be responsible for the integration of global contested logistics posture management. Such responsibilities shall include each of the following: (1) Identifying vulnerabilities and risks across the Department of Defense enterprise for the core logistics capabilities of supply, maintenance operations, prepositioned stocks, deployment and distribution, health services support, engineering, logistics services, and operational service contracts. (2) Developing and executing a strategy to mitigate the vulnerabilities and risks identified under paragraph (1). (3) Integrating and deconflicting global contested logistics posture investment and management across the military departments, including with respect to— (A) the locations of sites outside the continental United States at which stocks of supplies and equipment are stored as well as the composition of those stocks; (B) the provision of adequate intra-theater sea and air capability to move material and personnel throughout the theater; and (C) the monitoring and coordination of resourcing decisions by the military departments in support of operational plans and contingencies. (b) Deputy management action group meetings In carrying out the responsibilities under subsection (a)(1) and (2), the Deputy Secretary of Defense and the Vice Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall co-chair at least two Deputy Management Action Group meetings each year, which shall be focused on contested logistics management and investment. (c) Contested logistics posture strategy (1) The Deputy Secretary of Defense, the Vice Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Commander of the United States Transportation Command, in coordination with any other Department official identified by the Secretary, shall develop and implement a strategy for carrying out the responsibilities described in subsection (a). (2) The strategy required under paragraph (1) shall include each of the following: (A) A description of— (i) the locations of sites outside the continental United States at which stocks of supplies and equipment are prepositioned as of the date of the strategy; (ii) the status and disposition of such prepositioned stocks; and (iii) the operational or contingency plan such stocks are intended to support.  (B) An identification of— (i) any shortcomings associated with the sites and prepositioned stocks described in subparagraph (A) that must be addressed to optimally execute operational and contingency plans; and (ii) any additional sites, infrastructure, or equipment that may be needed to address such shortcomings and support such plans. (C) A description of any additional funding or other resources required— (i) to address the shortcomings identified under subparagraph (B)(i); and (ii) to provide for the additional sites, infrastructure, and equipment identified under subparagraph (B)(ii). (D) A prioritized list of investment recommendations for each item described in subparagraph (C). (E) An identification of each case in which the military department concerned lacks the authority or ability to access a location outside the United States for purposes of providing logistics support as required under operational and contingency plans, set forth separately by location. (F) An assessment of any existing and projected threats to sites outside the continental United States that are expected to support such operational and contingency plans. (3) The strategy required under paragraph (1) shall cover the period of two years following the date of the strategy and shall be updated on an biennial basis. (d) Quarterly briefings Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and quarterly thereafter until December 31, 2031, the Deputy Secretary of Defense, the Vice Chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Commander of the United States Transportation Command, or their representatives, shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing on the execution of the responsibilities under subsection (a)(1) and (2), including updates on the development and implementation of the strategy required under subsection (c). (e) Budget justification materials The Secretary of Defense shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the President for a fiscal year pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a cumulative accounting of contested logistics investments represented in such budget and how such investments relate to the duties and responsibilities under subsection (a)(1) and (2).  . (b) Deadline The development of the strategy required under subsection (c) of section 2229b of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall be completed by not later than January 31, 2027.