349. Limitation on use of funds to establish or expand Space Force Special Operations Component Command (a) In general None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for Major Force Program 11 for the United States Special Operations Command may be obligated or expended to establish or expand a Space Force Special Operations Component Command until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command, in consultation with the Chief of Space Operations, jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives the report required by subsection (b). (b) Report The report required under this subsection shall include each of the following: (1) An articulation of the requirement for a Space Force Special Operations Component Command. (2) A funding profile, across the future-years defense program submitted under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, for the establishment of a Space Force Special Operations Component Command, including a delineation of funds required under Major Force Program 2 and Major Force Program 11. (3) A timeline and conditions for achieving initial and full operational capability for a Space Force Special Operations Component Command. (4) An identification of the military, civilian, and contractor personnel required for a Space Force Special Operations Component Command at initial and full operational capability. (5) An identification of the facilities requirements for a Space Force Special Operations Component Command at initial and full operational capability. (6) An explanation of how and when the Secretary of Defense and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict have documented approval for the establishment of a Space Force Special Operations Component Command. (7) An explanation of the administrative and command relationships between a Space Force Special Operations Component Command and the United States Special Operations Command, United States Space Command, and the Space Force. (8) Any other matters determined relevant by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command.