343. Depot-level maintenance coordination in multinational exercises (a) In general Each year, the Secretary of the Air Force shall incorporate in at least one multinational exercise conducted in the area of operations of the United States Indo-Pacific Command— (1) depot-level maintenance, repair, and sustainment considerations, including binational or multinational planning sessions with covered nations on— (A) identifying opportunities to cooperate on depot-level maintenance and repair in ways that minimize transportation requirements in such area of operations and determining the authorities necessary to deliver the necessary joint capabilities; (B) facilitating real-time coordination between the United States and covered nations to maintain munitions stock levels and resupply routes in the such area of operations; (C) mutual recognition of airworthiness and maintenance certification between the United States and covered nations; and (D) emergency tabletop exercises, such as when an aircraft of a covered nation breaks down on United States territory, and vice versa, in a contested logistics environment; and (2) coordination with the Air Force Sustainment Center, including the participation of representatives of— (A) the United States Indo-Pacific Command; (B) United States Air Force Pacific; (C) the United States Air Mobility Command; and (D) the Air Force Sustainment Center. (b) Report Not later than 180 days after the date on which the first exercise is completed in accordance with subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report summarizing the lessons learned from carrying out such exercise. Such report shall include each of the following: (1) A list of candidate systems for co-sustainment with covered nations. (2) A list of depot-level repair workload opportunities to undertake with covered nations, including testing equipment or line replaceable units. (3) Opportunities to incorporate industry partners from covered nations in depot-level maintenance repair activities, including through public-private partnerships. (4) An identification of any potential logistical challenges that could arise with the host country, including with respect to workforce, housing, and location of workload. (5) An identification of any potential impediments involving intellectual property or data rights between original equipment manufacturers and the Department of the Air Force or between the Department of the Air Force and named partner countries. (6) An identification of any potential impediments related to the International Traffic in Arms Regulations and related statutes. (7) Any additional recommendations to Congress that would ease the facilitation of depot-level maintenance repair partnerships with covered nations, including changes to existing status of forces agreements. (8) An analysis of current maintenance and repair capabilities and gaps in the organic industrial bases of covered nations. (9) An assessment of the types of maintenance and repair activities (depot-level, preventative, corrective) that may be most appropriate for partnership with covered nations. (c) Covered nation defined In this section, the term  covered nation  means any of the following: (1) The Commonwealth of Australia. (2) Canada. (3) Japan. (4) New Zealand. (5) The Republic of Korea. (6) The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. (7) Any other nation designated a covered nation for the purposes of this section by the Secretary of the Air Force.