508. Establishment of blast safety officer positions (a) Establishment Not later than September 30, 2026, the Secretary of Defense shall establish blast safety officer positions in the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, and Space Force. (b) Duties Duties of a blast safety officer shall include the following, in accordance with standards established pursuant to section 735 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ;  10 U.S.C. 1071  note): (1) Overseeing the blast overpressure assessment and risk management program for members of the Armed Forces where activities present a potential blast overpressure exposure, including monitoring exposures, ensuring adherence to established risk management practices, and elevating risk decisions to commanders to ensure risks are appropriately managed and exposures are minimized.  (2) Ensuring that members of the Armed Forces with potential blast overpressure exposure receive training and education on associated health risks and mitigation protocols (including minimum safe distances). (3) Overseeing the application of exposure controls, including personal protective equipment and engineering controls, and ensuring wearable sensors are employed for such members, with exposure data documented in the Defense Occupational and Environmental Health Readiness System. (4) Coordinating with occupational and environmental health professionals to ensure that blast exposed members receive appropriate medical surveillance follow‑up, with results documented, reported, and integrated into existing Department of Defense occupational and environmental health processes and systems.  (5) Maintaining blast overpressure exposure logs in the Defense Occupational and Environmental Health Readiness System to inform long-term risk management and medical surveillance. (6) Coordinating with range safety officers and personnel to integrate blast overpressure risk management into range safety programs, including range design, operation, and modification. (c) Assignments The Secretary of a military department concerned shall assign a blast safety officer to each component of an Armed Force where blast overpressure hazards are reasonably anticipated and in such a manner so as to ensure coverage across operational environments. (d) Training; certification A blast safety officer shall receive training and maintain a certification in blast safety.