532. Alternative service in areas of national interest by individuals denied enlistment (a) In general Section 504 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (c) Alternative service in areas of national interest (1) The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a program to provide to an individual described in paragraph (2) information about opportunities to work in areas of national interest to the United States. (2) An individual described in this paragraph is an individual who seeks to originally enlist in an armed force but is denied enlistment. (3) In carrying out the program required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) identify job opportunities in the defense industrial base, cybersecurity or intelligence support, research and development in defense technologies, national emergency and disaster preparedness, or any other non-military field the Secretary considers in the national interests of the United States; (B) provide available information about training or certification programs to obtain the skills necessary for such a job; and (C) seek to enter into agreements with entities in the fields described in subparagraph (A). (4) The Secretary of Defense shall annually submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the program required by this subsection. Such report shall include, with respect to the year preceding the date of the report, the following elements: (A) The number of individuals described in paragraph (2) provided information described in paragraph (3)(A). (B) The number of individuals described in paragraph (2) provided information described in paragraph (3)(B). (C) The number of agreements described in paragraph (3)(C) into which the Secretary entered. . (b) Report Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report regarding the implementation of subsection (c) of such section, as added by subsection (a) of this section.