5506. Report on security conditions in Damascus, Syria, required for the reopening of the United States diplomatic mission (a) Findings Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States has a national security interest in a stable Syria free from the malign influence of Russia and Iran, and which cannot be used by terrorist organizations to launch attacks against the United States or United States allies or partners in the region. (2) Permissive security conditions are necessary for the reopening of any diplomatic mission. (b) Report (1) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the relevant Federal agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report describing the Syrian Government’s progress towards meeting the security related benchmarks described in paragraph (2). (2) Elements The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: (A) An assessment of the Syrian Government’s progress on counterterrorism, especially as it relates to United States designated terrorist organizations that threaten to attack the United States or our allies and partners. (B) An assessment of the security environment of the potential sites for a future building of the United States Embassy in Damascus and the conditions necessary for resuming embassy operations in Damascus. (C) An analysis of the Syrian Government’s progress in identifying and destroying any remnants of the Assad regime’s chemical weapons program, including any stockpiles, production facilities, or related sites. (D) An assessment of the Syrian Government’s destruction of the Assad regime’s captagon and other illicit drug stockpiles, to include infrastructure. (E) An assessment of the Syrian Government’s relationship with the Russian Federation and the Islamic Republic of Iran, to include access, basing, overflight, economic relationships, and impacts on United States national security objectives. (F) A description of the Syrian Government’s cooperation with the United States to locate and repatriate United States citizens. (c) Appropriate congressional committees defined In this section, the term  appropriate congressional committees  means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.