6804. Classified intelligence budget justification materials and submission of intelligence community drug control resource summary (a) Classified intelligence budget justification materials Section 506J(b) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3105a(b) ) is amended by inserting  and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives  after  congressional intelligence committees .  (b) Intelligence community drug control resource summary (1) Requirement The Director of National Intelligence shall develop a summary of intelligence community drug control resources for each of fiscal years 2027 and 2028.  (2) Submission (A) Summary Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Director of National Intelligence submits to the congressional intelligence committees the classified intelligence budget justification materials under section 506J of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3105a ) for a fiscal year covered by subsection (a), the Director shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives a consolidated summary of the drug control resources of the intelligence community for that fiscal year. To the extent practicable and applicable, the Director shall organize such summary in a similar manner as the National Drug Control Program budget under section 704(c) of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 ( 21 U.S.C. 1703(c) ). (B) Matters included Each summary under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (i) A certification by the Director stating that the drug control resources of the intelligence community are designed to implement the responsibilities of the intelligence community in support of the counter-drug efforts of the United States, as reflected in the National Drug Control Strategy under section 706 of the Office of National Drug Control Policy Reauthorization Act of 1998 ( 21 U.S.C. 1705 ) and the National Interdiction Command and Control Plan under section 711(a)(4) of such Act ( 21 U.S.C. 1710(a)(4) ). (ii) A description of the key accomplishments of the intelligence community with respect to counternarcotics during the fiscal year in which the summary is submitted and the previous fiscal year. (iii) The total amounts requested for the National Intelligence Program for counternarcotics for the fiscal year covered by the summary and for the previous fiscal year. (iv) Each of the total amounts under subparagraph (C), disaggregated by each element of the intelligence community at the expenditure center, project, and subproject levels. (v) Any other information the Director determines appropriate to provide the congressional intelligence committees with a consolidated, comprehensive, and detailed understanding of the amounts, activities, and purposes of the amounts requested for the National Intelligence Program for counternarcotics for the fiscal year covered by the summary. (C) Provision of information Each head of an element of the intelligence community shall timely provide to the Director of National Intelligence the information the Director requires to develop each summary under paragraph (1). (3) Conforming amendment Section 7320(a) of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2024 (division G of  Public Law 118–31 ;  50 U.S.C. 3096  note) is amended by striking  2027  and inserting  2026 .