6705. Assessment and report on investments by the People’s Republic of China in the agriculture sector of Brazil (a) Definitions In this section: (1) Agriculture sector The term  agriculture sector  means any physical infrastructure, energy production, land, or other inputs associated with the production of agricultural commodities (as defined in section 102 of the Agricultural Trade Act of 1978 ( 7 U.S.C. 5602 )). (2) Appropriate committees of Congress The term  appropriate committees of Congress  means— (A) the congressional intelligence committees; (B) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (C) the Committee on Agriculture and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (b) Assessment required (1) In general Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Agriculture, shall assess the extent of investment by the People’s Republic of China in the agriculture sector of Brazil. (2) Considerations The assessment shall consider the following: (A) The extent to which President Xi Jinping has engaged in or directed engagement with Brazilian leadership with regard to the agriculture sector of Brazil. (B) The extent of engagement between the Government of the People’s Republic of China and the agriculture sector of Brazil. (C) The strategic intentions of the engagement or direction of President Xi, if any, to invest in the agriculture sector of Brazil. (D) The number of entities based in or owned by the People’s Republic of China invested in the agriculture sector of Brazil, including joint ventures with Brazilian-owned companies. (E) The impacts to the supply chain, global market, and food security of investment in or control of the agriculture sector in Brazil by the People’s Republic of China. (c) Report required (1) In general Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report detailing the assessment required by subsection (b). (2) Form The report required by paragraph (2) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex.