6253. Fellowship program for development of skills critical to the nuclear security enterprise (a) In general The Secretary of Energy shall conduct a fellowship program for the development of skills critical to the ongoing mission of the nuclear security enterprise. Under the fellowship program, the Secretary shall provide educational assistance and research assistance to eligible individuals to facilitate the development by such individuals of skills critical to maintaining the ongoing mission of the nuclear security enterprise. (b) Eligible individuals Individuals eligible for participation in the fellowship program are United States citizens who are either of the following: (1) Students pursuing graduate degrees in fields of science or engineering that are related to nuclear weapons engineering or to the science and technology base of the Department of Energy. (2) Individuals engaged in postdoctoral studies in such fields. (c) Covered facilities The Secretary shall carry out the fellowship program at or in connection with the national security laboratories and nuclear weapons production facilities. (d) Administration The Secretary shall carry out the fellowship program at a facility referred to in subsection (c) through the stockpile manager of the facility. (e) Allocation of funds The Secretary shall, in consultation with the Assistant Secretary of Energy for Defense Programs, allocate funds available for the fellowship program under subsection (f) among the facilities referred to in subsection (c). The Secretary shall make the allocation after evaluating an assessment by the weapons program director of each such facility of the personnel and critical skills necessary at the facility for carrying out the ongoing mission of the facility. (f) Agreement (1) The Secretary may allow an individual to participate in the program only if the individual signs an agreement described in paragraph (2). (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) shall be in writing, shall be signed by the participant, and shall include the participant's agreement to serve, after completion of the course of study for which the assistance was provided, as a full-time employee in a position in the nuclear security enterprise for a period of time to be established by the Secretary of Energy of not less than one year, if such a position is offered to the participant.