7242. Modification of Board of Visitors Section 1903 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: (b) Membership (1) In general The membership of the Board shall consist of the following: (A) The chairperson of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, or a member of such Committee designated by such chairperson. (B) The chairperson of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, or a member of such Committee designated by such chairperson. (C) 3 Senators appointed by the Vice President. (D) 4 Members of the House of Representatives appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives. (E) 2 Senators appointed by the Vice President, each of whom shall be selected from among members of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. (F) 2 Members of the House of Representatives appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, each of whom shall be selected from among members of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (G) 6 individuals designated by the President. (2) Timing of appointments of members (A) Senators If any member of the Board described in paragraph (1)(C) is not appointed by the date that is 180 days after the date on which the first session of each Congress convenes, the chair and ranking member of the subcommittee of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate with jurisdiction over the authorization of appropriations of the Coast Guard shall be members of the Board until the date on which the second session of such Congress adjourns sine die. (B) Members of the House of Representatives If any member of the Board described in paragraph (1)(D) is not appointed by the date that is 180 days after the date on which the first session of each Congress convenes, the chair and ranking member of the subcommittee of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives with jurisdiction over the authorization of appropriations for the Coast Guard shall be members of the Board until the date on which the second session of such Congress adjourns sine die. (C) Members of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate If any member of the Board described in paragraph (1)(E) is not appointed by the date that is 180 days after the date on which the first session of each Congress convenes, the chair and ranking member of the subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate with jurisdiction over appropriations for the Coast Guard shall be members of the Board until the date on which the second session of such Congress adjourns sine die. (D) Members of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives If any member of the Board described in paragraph (1)(F) is not appointed by the date that is 180 days after the date on which the first session of each Congress convenes, the chair and ranking member of the subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives with jurisdiction over appropriations for the Coast Guard shall be members of the Board until the date on which the second session of such Congress adjourns sine die. (3) Chairperson (A) In general On a biennial basis and subject to paragraph (4), the Board shall select from among the members of the Board a Member of Congress to serve as the Chair of the Board. (B) Rotation A Member of the House of Representatives and a Member of the Senate shall alternately be selected as the Chair of the Board. (C) Term An individual may not serve as Chairperson of the Board for consecutive terms. (4) Length of service (A) Members of Congress A Member of Congress designated as a member of the Board under paragraph (1) shall be designated as a member in the first session of the applicable Congress and shall serve for the duration of such Congress. (B) Individuals designated by the President Each individual designated by the President under paragraph (1)(G) shall serve as a member of the Board for 3 years, except that any such member whose term of office has expired shall continue to serve until a successor is appointed by the President. (C) Death or resignation of a member If a member of the Board dies or resigns, a successor shall be designated for any unexpired portion of the term of the member by the official who designated the member. (c) Academy visits (1) Annual visit The Commandant shall invite each member of the Board, and any staff designated under subsection (e)(2)(A), to visit the Coast Guard Academy at least once annually to review the operation of the Academy. (2) Additional visits With the approval of the Secretary, the Board or any members of the Board in connection with the duties of the Board may— (A) make visits to the Academy in addition to the visits described in paragraph (1); or (B) consult with— (i) the Superintendent of the Academy; or (ii) the faculty, staff, or cadets of the Academy. (3) Access The Commandant shall ensure that the Board or any members of the Board who visits the Academy under this paragraph is provided reasonable access to the grounds, facilities, cadets, faculty, staff, and other personnel of the Academy for the purpose of carrying out the duties of the Board. ; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1) by inserting  , including with respect to prevention of, response to, and recovery from sexual assault and sexual harassment  after  discipline ; and (B) in paragraph (5) by inserting  , including infrastructure, living quarters, and deferred maintenance  after  equipment ; and (3) by striking subsections (e) through (g) and inserting the following: (e) Administrative matters (1) Meetings (A) In general Not less frequently than annually, the Board shall meet at a location chosen by the Commandant, in consultation with the Board, to conduct the review required by subsection (d). (B) Chairperson and charter The Federal officer designated under subsection (g)(1)(B) shall organize a meeting of the Board for the purposes of— (i) selecting a Chairperson of the Board under subsection (b)(3); (ii) adopting an official charter for the Board, which shall establish the schedule of meetings of the Board; and (iii) any other matter such designated Federal officer or the Board considers appropriate. (C) Scheduling In scheduling a meeting of the Board, such designated Federal officer shall coordinate, to the greatest extent practicable, with the members of the Board to determine the date and time of the meeting. (D) Notification Not less than 30 days before each scheduled meeting of the Board, such designated Federal officer shall notify each member of the Board of the time, date, and location of the meeting. (2) Staff (A) Designation The chairperson and the ranking member of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the chairperson and the ranking member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives may each designate 1 staff member of each such Committees. (B) Role Staff designated under subparagraph (A)— (i) may attend and participate in visits and carry out consultations described under subsection (c)(1) and attend and participate in meetings described under paragraph (1); and  (ii) may not otherwise carry out duties or take actions reserved to members of the Board under this section. (3) Advisors If approved by the Secretary, the Board may consult with advisors in carrying out the duties of the Board under this section. (4) Reports (A) In general Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Board conducts a meeting of the Board under paragraph (1), the Commandant, in consultation with the Board, shall submit a report on the actions of the Board during the meeting and the recommendations of the Board pertaining to the Academy to— (i) the Secretary; (ii) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (iii) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (B) Publication Each report submitted under this paragraph shall be published on a publicly accessible website of the Coast Guard. (f) Disclosure The Commandant and the Superintendent of the Academy shall ensure candid and complete disclosure to the Board, consistent with applicable laws relating to disclosure of information, with respect to— (1) each issue described in subsection (d); and (2) any other issue the Board or the Commandant considers appropriate. (g) Coast Guard support (1) In general The Commandant shall— (A) provide support to the Board, as Board considers necessary for the performance of the duties of the Board; (B) designate a Federal officer to support the performance of the duties of the Board; and (C) in cooperation with the Superintendent of the Academy, advise the Board of any institutional issues, consistent with applicable laws concerning the disclosure of information. (2) Reimbursement Each member of the Board and each advisor consulted by the Board under subsection (e)(3) shall be reimbursed, to the extent permitted by law, by the Coast Guard for actual expenses incurred while engaged in duties as a member or advisor. (h) Notification Not later than 30 days after the date on which the first session of each Congress convenes, the Commandant shall provide to the chairperson and ranking member of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the chairperson and ranking member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the President notification of the requirements of this section. .