715. Military medical cooperation arrangements among Five Eyes countries (a) Arrangements Subchapter II of  chapter 138  of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 2350t. Military medical cooperation arrangements among Five Eyes countries (a) Authority The Secretary of Defense may enter into a bilateral or multilateral memorandum of understanding or other formal agreement with one or more governments of the Five Eyes countries to support military medical cooperation or improve operational medical interoperability. (b) Definitions In this section: (1) The term  Five Eyes countries  means the following: (A) Australia. (B) Canada. (C) New Zealand. (D) The United Kingdom. (2) The term  military medical cooperation  means any of the following: (A) Information exchange. (B) Medical interoperability, including credentialing of health care personnel. (C) Medical education, training, exercises, and evaluation. (D) Medical research, development, trials, and evaluation. (E) Biodefense, including with respect to prevention, preparation, response, and investigation. (F) Medical logistics, including the recognition of MedCM, drugs and medical equipment. (G) Patient movement. (H) Any other areas for cooperation designated by the Secretary of Defense. (3) The term  military medicine  means any of the following: (A) Combat casualty care including trauma. (B) Military infectious disease. (C) Chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear medical support. (D) Deployed health care delivery. (E) Public health, health readiness, and force health protection. (F) Mental health. (G) Humanitarian response. (H) Anomalous health incidents. (I) Mass casualty management. (J) Any other areas of military medicine designated by the Secretary of Defense. . (b) Report Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for three years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the agreements entered into and activities carried out pursuant to section 2350t of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), including any other areas designated by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (b) of such section 2350t.