7265. Study and gap analysis with respect to Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi aviation hanger (a) In general Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall commence a study and gap analysis with respect to the aviation hangar at Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi and the capacity of such hangar to accommodate the aircraft currently assigned to Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi and any aircraft anticipated to be so assigned in the future. (b) Elements The study and gap analysis required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An identification of hangar infrastructure requirements needed— (A) to meet mission requirements for all aircraft currently assigned to Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi; and (B) to accommodate the assignment of an additional HC–144 Ocean Sentry aircraft to Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi. (2) An assessment as to whether the aviation hangar at Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi is sufficient to accommodate all rotary-wing assets assigned to Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi. (3) In the case of an assessment that such hangar is insufficient to accommodate all such rotary-wing assets, a description of the facility modifications that would be required to do so. (4) An assessment of the facility modifications of such hangar that would be required to accommodate all aircraft assigned to Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi upon completion of the transition from the MH–65 rotary-wing aircraft to the MH–60T rotary-wing aircraft. (5) An evaluation with respect to which fixed-wing assets assigned to Coast Guard Air Station Corpus Christi should be enclosed in such hangar so as to most effectively mitigate the effects of corrosion while meeting mission requirements. (6) An evaluation as to whether, and to what extent, the storage of fixed-wing assets outside such hangar would compromise the material condition and safety of such assets. (7) An evaluation of the extent to which any material condition and safety issue identified under paragraph (6) may be mitigated through the use of gust locks, chocks, tie-downs, or related equipment. (c) Report Not later than 1 year after the commencement of the study and gap analysis required under subsection (a), the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study and gap analysis.