7527. Coast Guard and Coast Guard Academy access to defense sexual assault incident database (a) Memorandum of understanding Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall enter into a memorandum of understanding to enable the criminal offender case management and analytics database of the Coast Guard to have system interface access with the Defense Sexual Assault Incident Database (referred to in this section as the  Database ) established by section 563 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 ( 10 U.S.C. 1561  note). (b) Plan (1) In general Not later than 60 days after entering into the memorandum of understanding required under subsection (a), the Commandant, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a plan to carry out the terms of such memorandum. (2) Elements The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Measures to ensure that authorized staff of the Coast Guard have system interface access to the Database, and a description of any barrier to such access. (B) Measures to ensure that authorized staff of the Coast Guard Academy have system interface access to the Database, and a description of any barrier to such access that is unique to the Coast Guard Academy. (C) Measures to facilitate formal or informal communication between the Coast Guard and the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Office of the Department of Defense, or any other relevant Department of Defense component, to identify or seek a resolution to barriers to Database access. (D) A description of the steps, measures, and improvements necessary to remove any barrier encountered by staff of the Coast Guard or the Coast Guard Academy in accessing the Database, including any failure of system interface access necessitating manual entry of investigative data. (E) An assessment of the technical challenges, timeframes, and costs associated with providing authorized staff of the Coast Guard and the Coast Guard Academy with system interface access for the Database that is substantially similar to such system interface access possessed by other branches of the Armed Forces. (3) Appropriate committees of congress defined In this subsection, the term  appropriate committees of Congress  means— (A) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives.