863. Special Operations Command Urgent Innovative Technologies and Capabilities Initiative (a) Establishment The Commander of the United States Special Operations Command shall carry out a pilot program, subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict, to be known as the  USSOCOM Urgent Innovative Technologies and Capabilities Initiative  (in this section referred to as the  Initiative ) to accelerate the research, development, testing, procurement, and initial sustainment of innovative technologies and equipment that enhance the operational capabilities of Special Operations Forces to meet emerging mission requirements. (b) Requirements The Commander shall— (1) establish procedures for component special operations units to submit requests to the Commander for the inclusion of innovative technologies and equipment in the Initiative; and (2) use authorities under section 167(e)(4) of title 10, United States Code, to carry out the Initiative. (c) Report (1) In general Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section, and annually thereafter for the duration of the Initiative, the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command and Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the implementation and effectiveness of the Initiative. (2) Contents Each report shall include the following: (A) A summary of activities carried out under the Initiative along with documentation of planned expenditures. (B) An assessment of the effect of innovative technologies and equipment included in the Initiative on the operational capabilities of the United States Special Operations Command. (C) Recommendations for the continuation, expansion, or modification of the Initiative. (D) A description of any challenges encountered and lessons learned. (E) A description of any action using established procedures for a reprogramming of funds in an amount greater than the approved amount for such reprogramming, as established by Congress, to carry out the Initiative. (d) Sunset The authority to carry out the Initiative under this section shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act.