8729. Strategic Advisory Group Section 1413 of the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018 ( 22 U.S.C. 9613 ), as amended by this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (k) Congressional Strategic Advisory Group (1) Establishment Not later than 90 days after the enactment of the  DFC Modernization and Reauthorization Act of 2025 , there shall be established a Congressional Strategic Advisory Group (referred to in this subsection as the  Group ), which shall meet not less frequently than annually, including after the budget of the President submitted under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, for a fiscal year. (2) Composition The Group shall be composed of the following: (A) The Chief Executive Officer. (B) Other representatives of the Corporation, as deemed necessary by the Chief Executive Officer. (C) The Strategic Advisors of the Senate, as described in paragraph (3)(A). (D) The Strategic Advisors of the House of Representatives, as described in paragraph (3)(B). (3) Strategic Advisors of the Senate and the House of Representatives (A) Strategic Advisors of the Senate (i) Establishment There is established a group to be known as the  Strategic Advisors of the Senate . (ii) Composition The group established by clause (i) shall be composed of the following: (I) The chair of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, who shall serve as chair of the Strategic Advisors of the Senate. (II) The ranking member of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, who shall serve as vice-chair of the Strategic Advisors of the Senate. (III) Not more than 6 additional individuals who are members of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, designated by the chair, with the consent of the ranking member. (B) Strategic Advisors of the House of Representatives (i) Establishment There is established a group to be known as the  Strategic Advisors of the House of Representatives . (ii) Composition The group established by clause (i) shall be composed of the following: (I) The chair of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, who shall serve as chair of the Strategic Advisors of the House. (II) The ranking member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, who shall serve as vice-chair of the Strategic Advisors of the House. (III) Not more than 6 additional individuals who are members of the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, designated by the chair, with the consent of the ranking member. (4) Objectives The Chief Executive Officer shall consult with the Strategic Advisors of the Senate and the Strategic Advisors of the House of Representatives established under paragraph (3) in order to solicit and receive congressional views and advice on the strategic priorities and investments of the Corporation, including— (A) the challenges presented by adversary countries to the national security interests of the United States and strategic objectives of the Corporation’s investments; (B) priority regions, countries, and sectors that require focused consideration for strategic investment; (C) the priorities and trends pursued by similarly-situated development finance institutions of friendly nations, including opportunities for partnerships, complementarity, or coinvestment; (D) evolving methods of financing projects, including efforts to partner with public sector and private sector institutional investors; (E) institutional or policy changes required to improve efficiencies within the Corporation; and (F) potential legislative changes required to improve the Corporation’s performance in meeting strategic and development imperatives. (5) Meetings (A) Times The chair and the vice-chair of the Strategic Advisors of the Senate and the chair and the vice-chair of the Strategic Advisors of the House of Representatives, in coordination with the Chief Executive Officer, shall determine the meeting times of the Group, which may be arranged separately or on a bicameral basis by agreement. (B) Agenda Not later than 7 days before each meeting of the Group, the Chief Executive Officer shall submit a proposed agenda for discussion to the chair and the vice-chair of each strategic advisory group referred to in subparagraph (A). (C) Questions To ensure a robust flow of information, members of the Group may submit questions for consideration before any meeting. A question submitted orally or in writing shall receive a response not later than 15 days after the conclusion of the first meeting convened wherein such question was asked or submitted in writing. (D) Classified setting At the request of the Chief Executive Officer or the chair and vice-chair of a strategic advisory group established under paragraph (3), business of the Group may be conducted in a classified setting, including for the purpose of protecting business confidential information and to discuss sensitive information with respect to foreign competitors. .