8732. Internships Section 1413 of the Better Utilization of Investments Leading to Development Act of 2018 ( 22 U.S.C. 9613 ), as amended by this title, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: (n) Internships (1) In general The Chief Executive Officer shall establish the Development Finance Corporation Student Internship Program (referred to in this subsection as the  Program ) to offer internship opportunities at the Corporation to eligible individuals to provide important professional development and work experience opportunities and raise awareness among future development and international finance professionals of the career opportunities at the Corporation and to supply important human capital for the implementation of the Corporation’s critically important development finance tools. (2) Eligibility An individual is eligible to participate in the Program if the applicant— (A) is a United States citizen; (B) is enrolled at least half-time at— (i) an institution of higher education (as such term is defined in section 102(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1002(a) )); or (ii) an institution of higher education based outside the United States, as determined by the Secretary of State; and (C) satisfies such other qualifications as established by the Chief Executive Officer. (3) Selection The Chief Executive Officer shall establish selection criteria for individuals to be admitted into the Program that includes a demonstrated interest in a career in international relations and international economic development policy. (4) Compensation (A) Housing assistance The Chief Executive Officer may provide housing assistance to an eligible individual participating in the Program whose permanent address is within the United States if the location of the internship in which such individual is participating is more than 50 miles away from such individual’s permanent address. (B) Travel assistance The Chief Executive Officer shall provide to an eligible individual participating in the Program, whose permanent address is within the United States, financial assistance that is sufficient to cover the travel costs of a single round trip by air, train, bus, or other appropriate transportation between the eligible individual’s permanent address and the location of the internship in which such eligible individual is participating if such location is— (i) more than 50 miles from the eligible individual’s permanent address; or (ii) outside of the United States. (5) Voluntary participation (A) In general Nothing in this section may be construed to compel any individual who is a participant in an internship program of the Corporation to participate in the collection of the data or divulge any personal information. Such individuals shall be informed that any participation in data collection under this subsection is voluntary. (B) Privacy protection Any data collected under this subsection shall be subject to the relevant privacy protection statutes and regulations applicable to Federal employees. (6) Special hiring authority Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief Executive Officer, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, with respect to the number of interns to be hired under this subsection each year, may— (A) select, appoint, and employ individuals for up to 1 year through compensated internships in the excepted service; and (B) remove any compensated intern employed pursuant to subparagraph (A) without regard to the provisions of law governing appointments in the competitive excepted service. (7) Availability of appropriations Internships offered and compensated by the Corporation under this subsection shall be funded solely by available amounts appropriated after the date of the enactment of the  DFC Modernization and Reauthorization Act of 2025  to the Corporate Capital Account established under section 1434. .