849. Prohibition on procurement related to certain additive manufacturing machines (a) Prohibition on agency procurement Beginning on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense may not enter into a contract for the procurement of a covered additive manufacturing machine. (b) Exception The prohibition under subsection (a) does not apply to the procurement of additive manufacturing systems or machines for the purposes of intelligence, electronic warfare, or information warfare operations, testing, analysis, or training. (c) Definitions In this section: (1) The term  additive manufacturing machine  means a system of integrated hardware and software used to carry out an additive manufacturing process, including the deposition of material and the associated post-processing steps as applicable. (2) The term  covered additive manufacturing company  means any of the following: (A) Any entity that produces or provides additive manufacturing machines and is included on— (i) the Consolidated Screening List maintained by the International Trade Administration of the Department of Commerce; or (ii) the civil-military fusion list maintained under section 1260H of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  10 U.S.C. 113  note). (B) Any entity that produces or provides additive manufacturing machines and— (i) is domiciled in a covered nation; or (ii) is subject to unmitigated foreign ownership, control, or influence by a covered nation, as determined by the Secretary of Defense in accordance with the National Industrial Security Program (or any successor to such program). (3) The term  covered additive manufacturing machine  means an additive manufacturing machine manufactured by a covered additive manufacturing company, and any related service or equipment provided or manufactured, respectively, by such covered additive manufacturing company. (4) The term  covered nation  has the meaning given such term in section 4872 of title 10, United States Code.