SEC. 11268.  14 USC 522 note . REVIEW OF DRUG INTERDICTION EQUIPMENT AND STANDARDS; TESTING FOR FENTANYL DURING INTERDICTION OPERATIONS. (a)  Review .— (1)  In general .— The Commandant, in consultation with the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall— (A)  conduct a review of— (i)  the equipment, testing kits, and rescue medications used to conduct Coast Guard drug interdiction operations; and 136 STAT. 4064 
 (ii)  the safety and training standards, policies, and procedures with respect to such operations; and 
 
 (B)  Determination. determine whether the Coast Guard is using the latest equipment and technology and up-to-date training and standards for recognizing, handling, testing, and securing illegal drugs, fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, and precursor chemicals during such operations. 
 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the review conducted under paragraph (1). 
 (3)  Appropriate committees of congress defined .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 
 (b)  Determination. Requirement .— If, as a result of the review required by subsection (a), the Commandant determines that the Coast Guard is not using the latest equipment and technology and up-to-date training and standards for recognizing, handling, testing, and securing illegal drugs, fentanyl and other synthetic opioids, and precursor chemicals during drug interdiction operations, the Commandant shall ensure that the Coast Guard acquires and uses such equipment and technology, carries out such training, and implements such standards. 
 (c)  Testing for Fentanyl .— The Commandant shall ensure that Coast Guard drug interdiction operations include the testing of substances encountered during such operations for fentanyl, as appropriate.