SEC. 1539.  Deadlines. INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF POSTURE AND STAFFING LEVELS OF OFFICE OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER. (a)  Contracts. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with an appropriate non-Department of Defense entity for the conduct of a comprehensive review of the posture and adequacy of the staffing levels of the Office of the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (b)  Evaluations. Matters for Consideration .— An agreement under subsection (a) shall specify that the review conducted under the agreement shall include the evaluation of each of the following: (1)  Any limitations or constraints of the Office of the Chief Information Officer in performing the entirety of the responsibilities specified in  section 142(b) of title 10, United States Code , and responsibilities assigned by the Secretary of Defense, based on the staffing levels of the Office as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (2)  The composition of civilian, military, and contractor personnel assigned to the Office of the Chief Information Officer, as of such date, including the occupational series and military occupational specialties of such personnel, relative to the responsibilities specified in paragraph (1). 
 (3)  The organizational construct of the Office of the Chief Information Officer, as of such date. 
 
 (c)  Recommendations .— An agreement under subsection (a) shall specify that the review conducted under the agreement shall include recommendations for the Chief Information Officer and the congressional defense committees, including recommendations derived from the matters for consideration specified under subsection (b). 
 (d)  Records. Submission .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the completion of the review under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a copy of the review.