SEC. 11418.  STUDY ON COAST GUARD HOUSING AUTHORITIES AND PRIVATIZED HOUSING. (a)  Study .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall commence a study that— (A)  Evaluations. evaluates the authorities of the Coast Guard relating to construction, operation, and maintenance of housing provided to members of the Coast Guard and their dependents; and 
 (B)  Assessments. assesses other options to meet Coast Guard housing needs in rural and urban housing markets, including public-private partnerships, long-term lease agreements, privately owned housing, and any other housing option the Comptroller General identifies. 
 
 (2)  Elements .— The study required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Review. A review of authorities, regulations, and policies available to the Secretary with respect to construction, maintenance, and operation of housing for members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, including unaccompanied member housing, that considers— 136 STAT. 4124 
 (i)  housing that is owned and managed by the Coast Guard; 
 (ii)  long-term leasing or extended-rental housing; 
 (iii)  public-private partnerships or other privatized housing options for which the Secretary may enter into 1 or more contracts with a private entity to build, maintain, and manage privatized housing for members of the Coast Guard and their dependents; 
 (iv)  on-installation and off-installation housing options, and the availability of, and authorities relating to, such options; and 
 (v)  housing availability near Coast Guard units, readiness needs, and safety. 
 
 (B)  Review. A review of the housing-related authorities, regulations, and policies available to the Secretary of Defense, and an identification of the differences between such authorities afforded to the Secretary of Defense and the housing-related authorities, regulations, and policies afforded to the Secretary. 
 (C)  A description of lessons learned, or recommendations for, the Coast Guard based on the use of private housing by the Department of Defense, including the recommendations set forth in the report of the Government Accountability Office titled “Privatized Military Housing: Update on DOD’s Efforts to Address Oversight Challenges” (GAO–22–105866), issued in March 2022. 
 (D)  Assessment. An assessment of the extent to which the Secretary uses the authorities provided in  subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (E)  Analysis. An analysis of immediate and long-term costs associated with housing owned and operated by the Coast Guard, as compared to opportunities for long-term leases, private housing, and other public-private partnerships in urban and remote locations. 
 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the report required under subsection (b) is submitted, the Commandant or the Secretary shall provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on— (1)  the actions the Commandant has, or has not, taken with respect to the results of the study; 
 (2)  Plan. a plan for addressing areas identified in the report that present opportunities for improving the housing options available to members of the Coast Guard and their dependents; and 
 (3)  the need for, or potential manner of use of, any authorities the Coast Guard does not have with respect to housing, as compared to the Department of Defense. 
 
 (d)  Definition. Appropriate Committees of Congress .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 136 STAT. 4125