SEC. 1522.  Deadlines. 10 USC 397 note . ASSESSMENT AND OPTIMIZATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INFORMATION AND INFLUENCE OPERATIONS CONDUCTED THROUGH CYBERSPACE. (a)  Assessment and Plan .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Principal Information Operations Advisor and the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense shall complete both an assessment and an optimization plan for information and influence operations conducted through cyberspace. 
 (b)  Elements .— The assessment under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Inventory. An inventory of the components of the Department of Defense conducting information and influence operations conducted through cyberspace. 
 (2)  Examination. An examination of sufficiency of resources allocated for information and influence operations conducted through cyberspace. 
 (3)  Evaluation. An evaluation of the command and control, oversight, and management of matters related to information and influence operations conducted through cyberspace across the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Staff. 
 (4)  Evaluation. An evaluation of the existing execution, coordination, synchronization, deconfliction, and consultative procedures and mechanisms for information and influence operations conducted through cyberspace. 
 (5)  Any other matters determined relevant by the Principal Information Operations Advisor and the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense. 
 
 (c)  Optimization Plan .— The optimization plan under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Actions that the Department will implement to improve the execution, coordination, synchronization, deconfliction, and consultative procedures and mechanisms for information and influence operations conducted through cyberspace. 
 (2)  Evaluation. An evaluation of potential organizational changes required to optimize information and influence operations conducted through cyberspace. 136 STAT. 2898 
 (3)  Any other matters determined relevant by the Principal Information Operations Advisor and the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense. 
 
 (d)  Briefings .— Not later than 30 days after completing the assessment and optimization plan under subsection (a), the Principal Information Operations Advisor and the Principal Cyber Advisor to the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the assessment and plan. 
 (e)  Implementation .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the briefing is provided under subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense shall implement the optimization plan under subsection (a).