SEC. 1088.  NATIONAL TABLETOP EXERCISE. (a)  Taiwan. Requirement .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a tabletop exercise designed to assess the resiliency of United States domestic critical infrastructure supporting United States military requirements in the event of a military contingency involving Taiwan. 
 (b)  Taiwan. Elements .— A tabletop exercise under this section shall be designed to evaluate the following elements: (1)  Assessment. The resilience of domestic critical infrastructure and logistical chokepoints necessary for the United States Armed Forces to respond to a contingency involving Taiwan, including an assessment of the mobility of the United States Armed Forces in the event of attacks upon such infrastructure. 
 (2)  Federal Government response options to ensure the viability of domestic critical infrastructure in the event of a military contingency involving Taiwan. 
 (3)  The ability of the United States Armed Forces, with the armed forces of United States allies and partners, to resist any resort to force or other form of coercion by an aggressor in the event of a military contingency involving Taiwan, if domestic critical infrastructure is compromised. 
 (4)  The importance of nonmilitary actions, including economic and financial measures, by the United States, with United States allies and partners, to deter and, if necessary, respond to a contingency involving Taiwan. 
 
 (c)  Consultation Requirement .— In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall consult with the heads of other appropriate Federal departments and agencies, as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 (d)  Briefing .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date on which a tabletop exercise is conducted under this section, the Secretary shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the exercise. 
 (2)  Contents .— A briefing under paragraph (1) shall include— (A)  Assessment. an assessment of the decision-making, capability, and response gaps observed in the tabletop exercise; and 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. recommendations to improve the resiliency of, and reduce vulnerabilities in, the domestic critical infrastructure of the United States in the event of a military contingency involving Taiwan. 
 
 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate. 
 
 (2)  The term “ tabletop exercise ” means an activity— 136 STAT. 2805 (A)  in which key personnel assigned high-level roles and responsibilities are gathered to deliberate various simulated emergency or rapid response situations; and 
 (B)  that is designed to be used to assess the adequacy of plans, policies, procedures, training, resources, and relationships or agreements that guide prevention of, response to, and recovery from a defined event.