SEC. 10105.  33 USC 3613 . BLUE ECONOMY VALUATION. (a)  Data. Measurement of Industries .— The Administrator, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies and subject to the availability of appropriations, shall establish a program to improve the collection, aggregation, and analysis of data to measure the value and impact of industries related to the Great Lakes, oceans, bays, estuaries, and coasts on the economy of the United States, including military uses, living resources, marine construction, marine transportation, offshore energy development and siting including for renewable energy, offshore mineral production, ship and boat building, tourism, recreation, subsistence, commercial, recreational, and charter fishing, seafood processing, and other fishery-related businesses, aquaculture such as kelp and shellfish, and other industries the Administrator determines appropriate. 
 (b)  Collaboration .— In carrying out subsection (a), the Administrator shall— (1)  work with the Director of the Bureau of Economic Analysis and the heads of other relevant Federal agencies to develop a Coastal and Ocean Economy Satellite Account that includes national, Tribal, and State-level statistics to measure the contribution of the Great Lakes, oceans, bays, estuaries, and coasts to the overall economy of the United States; and 
 (2)  collaborate with national and international organizations and governments to promote consistency of methods, measurements, and definitions to ensure comparability of results between countries. 
 
 (c)  Termination date. Publication. Report .— Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this section, and not less frequently than every 2 years thereafter until the date that is 20 years after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall publish a report that— (1)  defines the Blue Economy in consultation with Indian Tribes and with input from academia, the private sector, nongovernmental organizations, and other relevant experts; 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. makes recommendations for updating North American Industry Classification System reporting codes to reflect the Blue Economy; and 
 (3)  Estimate. provides a comprehensive estimate of the value and impact of the Blue Economy with respect to each State and territory of the United States, including— (A)  the value and impact of— (i)  economic activities that are dependent upon the resources of the Great Lakes, oceans, bays, estuaries, and coasts; 
 (ii)  the population and demographic characteristics of the population along the coasts; 
 (iii)  port and shoreline infrastructure; 136 STAT. 3960 
 (iv)  the volume and value of cargo shipped by sea or across the Great Lakes; 
 (v)  data collected from the Great Lakes, oceans, bays, estuaries, and coasts, including such data collected by businesses that purchase and commodify the data, including weather prediction and seasonal agricultural forecasting; and 
 (vi)  military uses; and 
 
 (B)  to the extent possible, the qualified value and impact of the natural capital of the Great Lakes, oceans, bays, estuaries, and coasts with respect to tourism, recreation, natural resources, and cultural heritage, including other indirect values. 
 
 
 (d)  Centralized Website for Resiliency Grants .— (1)  Deadline. Updates. Public information. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator, in coordination with the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, shall create and regularly update a public website to improve education, outreach, and public information regarding grants and other public funding opportunities of the Administration related to resiliency. 
 (2)  Contents of website .— The website created under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Hyperlinks, descriptions, deadlines, and resources to support applicants including technical assistance and other information as the Administrator determines appropriate relating to resilience grants administered by— (i)  the Administration; 
 (ii)  other relevant Federal agencies; or 
 (iii)  foundations in coordination with the Administration. 
 
 (B)  Information described in subparagraph (A) that is specific to supporting Tribal Governments and Tribal Colleges and Universities, and, with respect to each such grant described in paragraph (1), the contact information for an individual of the Administration who can assist Tribal Governments and Tribal Colleges and Universities in applying for such grants. 
 (C)  Information described in subparagraph (A) that is specific to supporting Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and, with respect to each such grant described in paragraph (1), the contact information for an individual of the Administration who can assist Historically Black Colleges and Universities in applying for such grants. 
 
 (3)  Outreach .— The Administrator shall conduct outreach activities to inform State, Tribal, and local governments of resiliency, adaptation, and mitigation grants that are available to such governments. 
 (4)  Definitions .— In this section: (A)  Historically black colleges and universities .— The term “ Historically Black Colleges and Universities ” has the meaning given the term “ part B institution ” in section 322 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1061 ). 
 (B)  Tribal college or university .— The term “ Tribal College or University ” has the meaning given the term  136 STAT. 3961 
in section 316 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1059c ).