SEC. 1261.  10 USC 311 note . PILOT PROGRAM TO DEVELOP YOUNG CIVILIAN DEFENSE LEADERS IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense may establish, using existing authorities of the Department of Defense, a pilot program to enhance engagement of the Department with young civilian defense and security leaders in the Indo-Pacific region. 
 (b)  Purposes .— The activities of the pilot program under subsection (a) shall include training of, and engagement with, young civilian leaders from foreign partner ministries of defense and other appropriate ministries with a national defense mission in the Indo-Pacific region for purposes of— (1)  enhancing bilateral and multilateral cooperation between— (A)  civilian leaders in the Department; and 
 (B)  civilian leaders in foreign partner ministries of defense; and 
 
 (2)  building the capacity of young civilian leaders in foreign partner ministries of defense to promote civilian control of the military, respect for human rights, and adherence to the law of armed conflict. 
 
 (c)  Priority .— In carrying out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall prioritize engagement with civilian defense leaders from foreign partner ministries of defense who are 40 years of age or younger. 
 (d)  Deadlines. Briefings .— (1)  Design of pilot program .— Not later than June 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the design of the pilot program under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Progress briefing .— Not later than December 31, 2023, and annually thereafter until the date on which the pilot program terminates under subsection (e), the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress on the pilot program that includes— 136 STAT. 2857 (A)  a description of the activities conducted and the results of such activities; 
 (B)  an identification of existing authorities used to carry out the pilot program; 
 (C)  Recommenda- tions. any recommendations related to new authorities or modifications to existing authorities necessary to more effectively achieve the objectives of the pilot program; and 
 (D)  any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. 
 
 
 (e)  Termination .— The pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate on December 31, 2026. 
 (f)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.