SEC. 11248.  14 USC 504 note . IMPROVING REPRESENTATION OF WOMEN AND RACIAL AND ETHNIC MINORITIES AMONG COAST GUARD ACTIVE-DUTY MEMBERS. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, in consultation with the Advisory Board on Women at the Coast Guard Academy established under  section 1904 of title 14, United States Code , and the minority outreach team program established by section 1905 of such title, the Commandant shall— (1)  Determination. determine which recommendations in the RAND representation report may practicably be implemented to promote improved representation in the Coast Guard of— (A)  women; and 
 (B)  racial and ethnic minorities; and 
 
 (2)  Reports. submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the actions the Commandant has taken, or plans to take, to implement such recommendations. 
 
 (b)  Recommenda- tions. Curriculum and Training .— In the case of any action the Commandant plans to take to implement recommendations described in subsection (a)(1) that relate to modification or development of curriculum and training, such modified curriculum and trainings shall be provided at— (1)  officer accession points, including the Coast Guard Academy and the Leadership Development Center; 
 (2)  New Jersey. enlisted member accession at the United States Coast Guard Training Center Cape May in Cape May, New Jersey; and 
 (3)  the officer, enlisted member, and civilian leadership courses managed by the Leadership Development Center. 
 
 (c)  Definition of RAND Representation Report .— In this section, the term “ RAND representation report ” means the report of the Homeland Security Operational Analysis Center of the RAND Corporation entitled “Improving the Representation of Women and Racial/Ethnic Minorities Among U.S. Coast Guard Active-Duty Members”, issued on August 11, 2021.