SEC. 1638.  ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE SITE ACTIVATION TASK FORCE FOR SENTINEL PROGRAM. (a)  Establishment .— (1)  Task force .— There is established within the Air Force Global Strike Command a directorate to be known as the Sentinel Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Site Activation Task Force (in this section referred to as the “Task Force”). 
 (2)  Site activation task force .— The Task Force shall serve as the Site Activation Task Force (as that term is defined in Air Force Instruction 10–503, updated October 14, 2020) for purposes of overseeing and coordinating the construction of fixed facilities and emplacements and the installation and checkout of supporting subsystems and equipment leading to the deployment and achievement of full operational capability of the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system at each intercontinental ballistic missile wing for use by the Air Force Global Strike Command in support of plans and operations of the United States Strategic Command. 
 
 (b)  Director .— (1)  Head .— The Task Force shall be headed by the Director of Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Modernization. 
 (2)  Appointment .— (A)  In general .— The Secretary of the Air Force shall appoint the Director from among the general officers of the Air Force. 
 (B)  Qualifications .— In appointing the Director, the Secretary shall give preference to individuals with expertise in intercontinental ballistic missile operations and large construction projects. 
 
 (3)  Term of office .— (A)  Term .— The Director shall be appointed for a term of three years. The Secretary may reappoint the Director for one additional three-year term. 
 (B)  Removal .— The Secretary may remove the Director for cause at any time. 
 
 (4)  Duties .— (A)  In general .— The Director shall— (i)  oversee and coordinate the activities of the Air Force in support of— (I)  the deployment of the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system; and 
 (II)  the retirement of the LGM–30G Minuteman III intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system; and 
 
 (ii)  subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Commander of the Air Force Global Strike Command, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Secretary of the Air Force, prepare, justify, and execute the personnel, operation and maintenance, and construction budgets for such deployment and retirement. 
 
 (B)  Rule of construction .— Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to supersede or otherwise alter the organizational relationships and responsibilities  136 STAT. 2942 
regarding oversight and management of the LGM–35A Sentinel as a Major Capability Acquisition Program, as outlined in Department of Defense Instruction 5000.85, “Major Capability Acquisition”, dated November 4, 2021. 
 
 
 (c)  Reports .— (1)  Time period. Report to secretaries .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the date specified in subsection (e), the Director, in consultation with the milestone decision authority (as defined in  section 4251(d) of title 10, United States Code ) for the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile program, shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Air Force a report on the progress of the Air Force in achieving initial and full operational capability for the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system. 
 (2)  Report to congress .— Not later than 30 days after receiving a report under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Air Force shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees the report. 
 (3)  Form .— The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (4)  Quarterly briefing .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until the date specified in subsection (e), the Secretary of the Air Force shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing regarding the progress made on activities by the Task Force to bring the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system to operational capability at each intercontinental ballistic missile wing. 
 
 (d)  Weapon System Designation .— (1)  Weapon system .— For purposes of nomenclature and life cycle maintenance, each wing level configuration of the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile shall be considered a weapon system. 
 (2)  Definitions .— In this subsection: (A)  The term “ weapon system ” has the meaning given the term in Department of the Air Force Pamphlet 63–128, updated February 3, 2021. 
 (B)  The term “ wing level configuration ” means the complete arrangement of subsystems and equipment of the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile required to function as a wing. 
 
 
 (e)  Termination .— The Task Force shall terminate not later than 90 days after the date on which the Commander of the United States Strategic Command and the Commander of the Air Force Global Strike Command (or the heads of successor agencies of the United States Strategic Command and the Air Force Global Strike Command) jointly declare that the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system has achieved full operational capability.