SEC. 1536.  REPORT ON RECOMMENDATIONS FROM NAVY CIVILIAN CAREER PATH STUDY. (a)  Report .— (1)  Requirement .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the recommendations made in the report submitted to the congressional defense committees under section 1653(a)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ;  133 Stat. 1763 ) relating to improving cyber career paths in the Navy. 
 (2)  Determinations. Contents .— The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A description of each recommendation described in such paragraph that has already been implemented. 
 (B)  A description of each recommendation described in such paragraph that the Secretary has commenced implementing, including a justification for determining to commence implementing the recommendation. 
 (C)  A description of each recommendation described in such paragraph that the Secretary has not implemented or commenced implementing and a determination as to whether or not to implement the recommendation. 
 (D)  For each recommendation under subparagraph (C) that the Secretary determines to implement— (i)  Timeline. a timeline for implementation; 
 (ii)  a description of any additional resources or authorities required for implementation; and 
 (iii)  Plan. the plan for implementation. 136 STAT. 2912 
 
 (E)  For each recommendation under subparagraph (C) that the Secretary determines not to implement, a justification for the determination not to implement. 
 
 (3)  Format .— The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (b)  Deadlines. Review by Comptroller General of the United States .— (1)  Review .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of such report. 
 (2)  Assessments. Elements .— The review under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: (A)  The extent to which the Secretary has implemented the recommendations described in subsection (a)(1). 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. Additional recommended actions for the Secretary to take to improve the readiness and retention of the cyber workforce of the Navy. 
 
 (3)  Interim briefing .— Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the preliminary findings of the Comptroller General with respect to the review conducted under paragraph (1). 
 (4)  Final report .— The Comptroller General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to the review under paragraph (1) at such time and in such format as is mutually agreed upon by the committees and the Comptroller General at the time of the briefing under paragraph (3).