SEC. 1066.  REPORTS ON UNITED STATES MILITARY FORCE PRESENCE IN EUROPE. (a)  Assessments. Report on United States Military Force Posture and Resourcing Requirements in Europe .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing an assessment of the United States military force posture requirements for the United States European Command to support the following objectives: (A)  Implementation of the national defense strategy under  section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code , with respect to the area of responsibility of the United States European Command. 
 (B)  Fulfillment of the commitments of the United States to NATO operations, missions, and activities, as modified and agreed upon at the 2022 Madrid Summit. 
 (C)  Reduction of the risk of executing the contingency plans of the Department of Defense. 
 
 (2)  Elements .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 136 STAT. 2787 (A)  For the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marine Corps, and the Space Force and for each warfighting domain, a description of the force structure and posture of assigned and allocated forces in Europe, including consideration of the balance of permanently stationed forces and forces rotating from the United States, to support the objectives described in paragraph (1). 
 (B)  An assessment of the military training and all domain exercises to support such objectives, including— (i)  training and exercises on interoperability; and 
 (ii)  joint activities with allies and partners. 
 
 (C)  An assessment of logistics requirements, including personnel, equipment, supplies, pre-positioned storage, host country support and agreements, and maintenance needs, to support such objectives. 
 (D)  An identification of required infrastructure, facilities, and military construction investments to support such objectives. 
 (E)  A description of the requirements for United States European Command integrated air and missile defense throughout the area of responsibility of the United States European Command. 
 (F)  An assessment of United States security cooperation activities and resources required to support such objectives. 
 (G)  A detailed assessment of the resources necessary to address the elements described in subparagraphs (A) through (F), categorized by the budget accounts for— (i)  procurement; 
 (ii)  research, development, test, and evaluation; 
 (iii)  operation and maintenance; 
 (iv)  military personnel; and 
 (v)  military construction. 
 
 (H)  Timeline. The projected timeline to achieve fulfillment of each such element. 
 (I)  Any other information the Secretary considers relevant. 
 
 (3)  Summary. Form .— The report required under paragraph (1) may be submitted in classified form, but, if so, it shall include an unclassified summary. 
 
 (b)  Quarterly Reports on Expenditures for Planning and Design of Infrastructure to Support Permanent United States Force Presence on Europe’s Eastern Flank .— (1)  In general .— The Commander of United States European Command shall submit to the congressional defense committees quarterly reports on the use of the funds described in paragraph (3) until the date on which all such funds are expended. 
 (2)  Contents .— Each report required under paragraph (1) shall include an expenditure plan for the establishment of infrastructure to support a permanent United States force presence in the covered region. 
 (3)  Funds described .— The funds described in this paragraph are the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2023 for— 136 STAT. 2788 (A)  Operation and Maintenance, Air Force, for Advanced Planning for Infrastructure to Support Presence on NATO’s Eastern Flank; 
 (B)  Operation and Maintenance, Army, for Advanced Planning for Infrastructure to Support Presence on NATO’s Eastern Flank; and 
 (C)  Military Construction, Defense-wide, Planning & Design: EUCOM–Infrastructure to Support Presence on NATO’s Eastern Flank. 
 (D)  Military Construction, Defense-wide, Exercise-related Minor Construction: EUCOM. 
 
 (4)  Definition. Covered region .— In this subsection, the term “ covered region ” means Romania, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Hungary, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, and Slovakia.