SEC. 153.  10 USC note  prec. 9531. DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION COMMERCIAL SOFTWARE ACQUISITION. (a)  Procurement Authority .— The Secretary of the Air Force may enter into one or more contracts for the procurement of commercial digital engineering and software tools to meet the digital transformation goals and objectives of the Department of the Air Force. 
 (b)  Inclusion of Program Element in Budget Materials .— In the materials submitted by the Secretary of the Air Force in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2024 (as submitted to Congress pursuant to  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code ), the Secretary shall include a program element dedicated to the procurement and management of the commercial digital engineering and software tools described in subsection (a). 
 (c)  Review .— In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary of the Air Force shall— (1)  review the market for commercial digital engineering and software tools; and 
 (2)  conduct research on providers of commercial software capabilities that have the potential to expedite the progress of digital engineering initiatives across the weapon system enterprise, with a particular focus on capabilities that have the potential to generate significant life-cycle cost savings, streamline and accelerate weapon system acquisition, and provide data-driven approaches to inform investments by the Department of the Air Force. 
 
 (d)  Report .— Not later than March 1, 2023, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1)  Analysis. an analysis of specific digital engineering and software tool capability manufacturers that deliver high mission impact with broad reach into the weapon system enterprise of the Department of the Air Force; and 
 (2)  List. a prioritized list of programs and offices of the Department of the Air Force that could better utilize commercial digital engineering and software tools and opportunities for the implementation of such digital engineering and software tool capabilities within the Department. 136 STAT. 2458