SEC. 11301.  16 USC 1390 note . DEFINITIONS.   In this subtitle: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 136 STAT. 4070 
 (B)  the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Core foraging habitats .— The term “ core foraging habitats ” means areas— (A)  with biological and physical oceanographic features that aggregate  Calanus   finmarchicus ; and 
 (B)  where North Atlantic right whales foraging aggregations have been well documented. 
 
 (3)  Exclusive economic zone .— The term “ exclusive economic zone ” has the meaning given that term in  section 107 of title 46, United States Code . 
 (4)  Institution of higher education .— The term “ institution of higher education ” has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001(a) ). 
 (5)  Large cetacean .— The term “ large cetacean ” means all endangered or threatened species within— (A)  the suborder Mysticeti; 
 (B)  the genera  Physeter ; or 
 (C)  the genera  Orcinus . 
 
 (6)  Near real-time .— The term “ near real-time ”, with respect to monitoring of whales, means that visual, acoustic, or other detections of whales are processed, transmitted, and reported as close to the time of detection as is technically feasible. 
 (7)  Nonprofit organization .— The term “ nonprofit organization ” means an organization that is described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code. 
 (8)  Puget sound region .— The term “ Puget Sound region ” means the Vessel Traffic Service Puget Sound area described in  section 161.55 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations  (as of the date of enactment of this Act). 
 (9)  Tribal government .— The term “ Tribal government ” means the recognized governing body of any Indian or Alaska Native Tribe, band, nation, pueblo, village, community, component band, or component reservation, individually identified (including parenthetically) in the list published most recently as of the date of enactment of this Act pursuant to section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 ( 25 U.S.C. 5131 ). 
 (10)  Under secretary .— The term “ Under Secretary ” means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere.