SEC. 1241.  MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE. (a)  Authority to Provide Assistance .— Subsection (a) of section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ;  129 Stat. 1608 )  is amended  to read as follows: “(a)  Authority to Provide Assistance .— “(1)  In general .— Amounts available for a fiscal year under subsection (f) shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide, for the purposes described in paragraph (2), appropriate security assistance and intelligence support, including training, equipment, and logistics support, supplies and services, salaries and stipends, and sustainment, to— “(A)  the military and national security forces of Ukraine; and 
 “(B)  other forces or groups recognized by, and under the authority of, the Government of Ukraine, including governmental entities within Ukraine that are engaged in resisting Russian aggression. 
 
 “(2)  Purposes described .— The purposes described in this paragraph are as follows: 136 STAT. 2842 “(A)  To enhance the capabilities of the military and other security forces of the Government of Ukraine to defend against further aggression. 
 “(B)  To assist Ukraine in developing the combat capability to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity. 
 “(C)  To support the Government of Ukraine in defending itself against actions by Russia and Russian-backed separatists.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Appropriate Security Assistance and Intelligence Support .— Subsection (b) of such section  is amended  in paragraph (4) to read as follows: “(4)  Manned and unmanned aerial capabilities, including tactical surveillance systems and fixed and rotary-wing aircraft, such as attack, strike, airlift, and surveillance aircraft.” 
 . 
 (c)  Availability of Funds .— Subsection (c) of such section  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ funds available for fiscal year 2022 pursuant to subsection (f)(7) ” and  inserting  “ funds available for fiscal year 2023 pursuant to subsection (f)(8) ”; 
 (2)  in paragraph (3), by  striking  “ fiscal year 2022 ” and  inserting  “ fiscal year 2023 ”; 
 (3)  by  striking  paragraph (5); and 
 (4)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(6)  Deadline. Waiver of certification requirement .— The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the State, may waive the certification requirement in paragraph (2) if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a written certification, not later than 5 days after exercising the waiver, that doing so is in the national interest of the United States due to exigent circumstances caused by the Russian invasion of Ukraine.” 
 . 
 
 (d)  United States Inventory and Other Sources .— Subsection (d) of such section  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1), by  inserting  “ , and to recover or dispose of such weapons or other defense articles, or to make available such weapons or articles to ally and partner governments to replenish comparable stocks which ally or partner governments have provided to the Government of Ukraine, ” after “ and defense services ”; and 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(3)  Deadline. Congressional notification .— Not later than 10 days before providing replenishment to an ally or partner government pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall transmit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notification containing the following: “(A)  An identification of the recipient foreign country. 
 “(B)  A detailed description of the articles to be provided, including the dollar value, origin, and capabilities associated with the articles. 
 “(C)  A detailed description of the articles provided to Ukraine to be replenished, including the dollar value, origin, and capabilities associated with the articles. 136 STAT. 2843 
 “(D)  The impact on United States stocks and readiness of transferring the articles. 
 “(E)  Assessment. An assessment of any security, intellectual property, or end use monitoring issues associated with transferring the articles.” 
 
 . 
 
 (e)  Funding .— Subsection (f) of such section  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following: “(8)  For fiscal year 2023, $800,000,000.” 
 . 
 (f)  Termination of Authority .— Subsection (h) of such section  is amended  by  striking  “ December 31, 2023 ” and  inserting  “ December 31, 2024 ”. 
 (g)  Waiver of Certification Requirement .— Such section  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  the second subsection (g) as subsection (i); and 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(j)  Deadline. Determination. Expedited Notification Requirement .— Not later than 15 days before providing assistance or support under subsection (a), or as far in advance as is practicable if the Secretary of Defense determines, on a case-by-case basis, that extraordinary circumstances exist that impact the national security of the United States, the Secretary shall transmit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notification containing a detailed description of the assistance or support to be provided, including— “(1)  the objectives of such assistance or support; 
 “(2)  the budget for such assistance or support; and 
 “(3)  the expected or estimated timeline for delivery of such assistance or support.” 
 
 .