SEC. 1658.  Iran. MIDDLE EAST INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, shall seek to cooperate with allies and partners in the Middle East with respect to implementing an integrated air and missile defense architecture to protect the people, infrastructure, and territory of such countries from cruise and ballistic missiles, manned and unmanned aerial systems, and rocket attacks from Iran and groups linked to Iran. 
 (b)  Strategy .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy on cooperation with allies and partners in the area of responsibility of the United States Central Command to implement a multinational integrated air and missile defense architecture to protect the people, infrastructure, and territory of such countries from cruise and ballistic missiles, manned and unmanned aerial systems, and rocket attacks from Iran and groups linked to Iran. 
 (2)  Contents .— The strategy submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Assessment. An assessment of the threat of ballistic and cruise missiles, manned and unmanned aerial systems, and rocket attacks from Iran and groups linked to Iran to allies and partners within the area of responsibility of the United States Central Command. 
 (B)  A description of current efforts to coordinate indicators and warnings from such attacks with allies and partners within such area of responsibility. 
 (C)  Analysis. An analysis of current integrated air and missile defense systems to defend against attacks, in coordination with allies and partners within such area of responsibility. 136 STAT. 2952 
 (D)  An explanation of how a multinational integrated air and missile defense architecture would improve collective security in such area of responsibility. 
 (E)  A description of efforts to engage specified foreign partners in establishing such an architecture. 
 (F)  An identification of elements of the multinational integrated air and missile defense architecture that— (i)  can be acquired and operated by specified foreign partners; and 
 (ii)  can only be provided and operated by members of the Armed Forces. 
 
 (G)  Assessments. An identification of any challenges in establishing a multinational integrated air and missile defense architecture with specified foreign partners, including assessments of the capacity and capability of specified foreign partners and their ability to independently operate key technical components of such an architecture, including radars and interceptor systems. 
 (H)  Consultation. A description of relevant consultation with the Secretary of State and the ways in which such an architecture advances United States regional diplomatic goals and objectives. 
 (I)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for addressing the challenges identified in subparagraph (G) so that the strategy can be implemented effectively. 
 (J)  Such other matters as the Secretary considers relevant. 
 
 (3)  Protection of sensitive information .— Any activity carried out under paragraph (1) shall be conducted in a manner that is consistent with protection of intelligence sources and methods and appropriately protects sensitive information and the national security interests of the United States. 
 (4)  Format .— The strategy submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (c)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (1)  The congressional defense committees. 
 (2)  The Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
 (3)  The Committee on Foreign Relations and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.