SEC. 1640.  PLAN FOR DEVELOPMENT OF REENTRY VEHICLES. (a)  Time period. Plan .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Administrator for Nuclear Security and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall produce a plan for the development, during the 20-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, of— (1)  the Mark 21A reentry vehicle for the Air Force; 
 (2)  the Mark 7 reentry vehicle for the Navy; and 
 (3)  any other reentry vehicles for— (A)  the Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system; 
 (B)  the Trident II (D5) submarine-launched ballistic missile, or subsequent missile; and 
 (C)  any other long-range ballistic or hypersonic strike missile that may rely upon technologies similar to the technologies used in the missiles described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The plan under subsection (a) shall— (1)  with respect to the development of each reentry vehicle described in such subsection, describe— (A)  timed phases of production for the reentry aeroshell and the planned production and fielding of the reentry vehicle; 
 (B)  the required developmental and operational testing capabilities and capacities, including such capabilities and capacities of the reentry vehicle; 
 (C)  the technology development and manufacturing capabilities that may require use of authorities under the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4501 et seq. ); and 
 (D)  the industrial base capabilities and capacities, including the availability of sufficient critical materials and staffing to ensure adequate competition between entities developing the reentry vehicle; 
 
 (2)  Cost estimates. provide estimated cost projections for the development of the first operational reentry vehicle and the production of  136 STAT. 2944 
subsequent reentry vehicles to meet the requirements of the Navy and Air Force; and 
 (3)  provide for the coordination with and account for the needs of the development by the Department of Defense of hypersonic systems using materials, staffing, and an industrial base similar to that required for the development of reentry vehicles described in subsection (a). 
 
 (c)  Assessments .— (1)  Cost projections .— The Director of the Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation of the National Nuclear Security Administration, shall conduct an assessment of the costs of the plan under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Deadline. Contracts. Technology and manufacturing readiness .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an assessment of the technology and manufacturing readiness levels with respect to the plan under subsection (a). 
 
 (d)  Deadline. Submission to Congress .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the congressional defense committees the plan under subsection (a) and the assessments under subsection (c).