SEC. 163.  ASSESSMENT AND REPORT ON MILITARY ROTARY WING AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL BASE. (a)  Assessment Required .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in coordination with the Secretaries of the Army, Navy, and Air Force, shall conduct an assessment of the military rotary wing aircraft industrial base. 
 (b)  Elements .— The assessment under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) (A)  Identification of each rotary wing aircraft program of the Department of Defense that is in the research and development or procurement phase. 
 (B)  A description of any platform-specific or capability-specific facility or workforce technical skill requirements necessary for each program identified under subparagraph (A). 
 
 (2)  Identification of— (A)  the rotary wing aircraft capabilities of each Armed Force anticipated for programming beyond the period covered by the most recent future-years defense program submitted to Congress under  section 221 of title 10, United States Code  (as of the date of the assessment); and 
 (B)  the technologies, facilities, and workforce skills necessary for the development of such capabilities. 
 
 (3)  An assessment of the military industrial base capacity and skills that are available (as of the date of the assessment) to design and manufacture the platforms and capabilities identified under paragraphs (1) and (2) and a list of any gaps in such capacity and skills. 
 (4) (A)  Identification of each component, subcomponent, or equipment supplier in the military rotary wing aircraft industrial base that is the sole source within such industrial base from which that component, subcomponent, or equipment may be obtained. 
 (B)  An assessment of any risk resulting from the lack of other suppliers for such components, subcomponents, or equipment. 
 
 (5)  Analysis. Analysis of the likelihood of future consolidation, contraction, or expansion, within the rotary wing aircraft industrial base, including— (A)  identification of the most probable scenarios with respect to such consolidation, contraction, or expansion; and 
 (B)  an assessment of how each such scenario may affect the ability of the Armed Forces to acquire military  136 STAT. 2464 
rotary wing aircraft in the future, including any effects on the cost and schedule of such acquisitions. 
 
 (6)  Determination. Such other matters the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than June 1, 2023, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1)  the results of the assessment conducted under subsection (a); and 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. based on such results, recommendations for reducing any risks identified with respect to the military rotary wing aircraft industrial base. 
 
 (d)  Rotary Wing Aircraft Defined .— In this section, the term “ rotary wing aircraft ” includes rotary wing and tiltrotor aircraft.