SEC. 10031.  16 USC 6481 . SUSAN L. WILLIAMS NATIONAL CORAL REEF MANAGEMENT FELLOWSHIP. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Alaska native corporation .— The term “ Alaska Native Corporation ” has the meaning given the term “Native  136 STAT. 3956 
Corporation” in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1602 ). 
 (2)  Fellow .— The term “ fellow ” means a National Coral Reef Management Fellow. 
 (3)  Fellowship .— The term “ fellowship ” means the National Coral Reef Management Fellowship established in subsection (c). 
 (4)  Covered native entity .— The term “ covered Native entity ” has the meaning given the term in section 216 of the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000, as added by this division. 
 (5)  Covered state .— The term “ covered State ” has the meaning given the term in section 216 of the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000, as added by this division. 
 (6)  Native entity .— The term “ Native entity ” has the meaning given the term in section 216 of the Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000, as added by this division. 
 (7)  Secretary .— The term “ Secretary ” means the Secretary of Commerce. 
 
 (b)  Establishment of Fellowship Program .— (1)  In general .— There is established a National Coral Reef Management Fellowship Program. 
 (2)  Purposes .— The purposes of the fellowship are— (A)  to encourage future leaders of the United States to develop additional coral reef management capacity in States and local communities with coral reefs; 
 (B)  to provide management agencies of covered States and covered Native entities with highly qualified candidates whose education and work experience meet the specific needs of each covered State or covered Native entity; and 
 (C)  to provide fellows with professional experience in management of coastal and coral reef resources. 
 
 
 (c)  Fellowship Awards .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, shall award a fellowship in accordance with this subsection. 
 (2)  Term of fellowship .— A fellowship awarded under this subsection shall be for a term of not more than 2 years. 
 (3)  Qualifications .— The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, shall award a fellowship to individuals who have demonstrated— (A)  an intent to pursue a career in marine services and outstanding potential for such a career; 
 (B)  leadership potential, actual leadership experience, or both; 
 (C)  possession of a college or graduate degree in biological science, a college or graduate degree in resource management with experience that correlates with aptitude and interest for marine management, or both; 
 (D)  proficient writing and speaking skills; and 
 (E)  such other attributes as the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, considers appropriate. 
 
 
 (d)  Matching Requirement .— (1)  In general .— Except as provided in paragraph (2), the non-Federal share of the costs of a fellowship under this section shall be 25 percent of such costs. 136 STAT. 3957 
 (2)  Waiver of matching requirement .— The Secretary may waive the application of paragraph (1) to a fellowship if the Secretary finds that such waiver is necessary to support a project that the Secretary has identified as a high priority.