SEC. 1560.  BRIEFING ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PLAN TO DETER AND COUNTER ADVERSARIES IN THE INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT. (a)  Briefing .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the following: (1)  The status of the strategy and posture review required by section 1631(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ;  10 U.S.C. 397 note ). 
 (2)  A description of efforts of the Department of Defense, including such efforts conducted in consultation with relevant departments and agencies of the Federal Government, to effectively deter and counter foreign adversaries in the information environment, including— (A)  recent updates or modifications to existing policies to more effectively deter and counter adversaries; 
 (B)  a description of funding priorities and impacts to future budget requests; 
 (C)  recent updates to personnel policies to ensure the recruitment, promotion, retention, and compensation for individuals with the necessary skills in the information environment; and 
 (D)  a description of improvements required to the collection, prioritization, and analysis of intelligence, in particular open-source intelligence, to better inform the understanding of foreign adversaries in the information environment. 
 
 (3)  A description of any initiatives that are being taken, in cooperation with relevant departments and agencies of the Federal Government, to assist and incorporate allies and partner countries of the United States into efforts to effectively deter and counter foreign adversaries in the information environment. 
 (4)  A description of any additional actions the Secretary determines necessary to further ensure that the Department of Defense is appropriately postured to effectively deter and counter foreign adversaries in the information environment. 
 (5)  Any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate. 136 STAT. 2928 
 
 (b)  Information Environment Defined .— In this section, the term “ information environment ” has the meaning given in the publication of the Department of Defense titled “Joint Concept for Operating in the Information Environment (JCOIE)” dated July 25, 2018.