SEC. 1504.  Deadlines. Reviews. TAILORED CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ORGANIZATIONS.   Section 1723 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116 – 136 STAT. 2881 
283;  10 U.S.C. 394 note )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsections: “(e)  Implementation .— Not later than May 1, 2023, the Commanding Officer of Navy Cyber Warfare Development Group shall submit to the congressional defense committees an independent review of the study under subsection (a). Evaluations.  The review shall include, at a minimum, evaluations of— “(1)  the value of the study to the Navy Cyber Warfare Development Group and to the Navy; 
 “(2)  Recommenda- tions. any recommendations not considered or included as part of the study; 
 “(3)  the implementation of subsection (b); and 
 “(4)  other matters as determined by the Commanding Officer. 
 
 “(f)  Briefing. Examination. Update to Congress .— Not later than July 1, 2023, the Secretaries of the military departments and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on activities taken during the period following the date of the briefing provided under subsection (d), including an examination of establishing Tailored Cyberspace Operations Organizations and use of the authority provided pursuant to subsection (c). 
 “(g)  Air Force Actions .— Not later than July 1, 2023, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of the activities of the Navy Cyber Warfare Development Group, including with respect to the authorities of the Group. The review shall include the following: “(1)  Assessment. An assessment of whether such authorities shall be conferred on the 90th Cyberspace Operations Squadron of the Air Force. 
 “(2)  A consideration of whether the 90th Cyberspace Operations Squadron should be designated a controlled tour, as defined by the Secretary.” 
 
 .