SEC. 11211.  DISPOSITION OF INFRASTRUCTURE RELATED TO E–LORAN.    Section 914 of title 14, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows: “§ 914.  Disposition of infrastructure related to E–LORAN “(a)  In General .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Commandant may dismantle or dispose of any real or personal property under the administrative control of the Coast Guard and used for the LORAN–C system. 136 STAT. 4013 
 “(b)  Restriction .— No action described in subsection (a) may be taken unless and until— “(1)  Notification. the Commandant notifies the Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of Defense in writing of the proposed dismantling or disposal of a LORAN–C system; and 
 “(2)  Time period. a period of 90 calendar days expires following the day on which the notice has been submitted. 
 
 “(c)  Deadline. Determination. Requirement. Receipt of Notification .— If, not later than 90 calendar days of receipt of the written notification under subsection (b), the Secretary of Transportation or the Secretary of Defense notifies the Commandant, in writing, of a determination under section 312(d) of title 49 that the property is required to provide a positioning, navigation, and timing system to provide redundant capability in the event the Global Positioning System signals are disrupted, the Commandant shall transfer the property to the Department of Transportation without any consideration. 
 “(d)  Notification Expiration .— If, at the end of the 90 calendar day period no notification under subsection (b) has been received, the Commandant shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations in the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate that the period in subsection (b)(2) has expired, and may proceed with the dismantling and disposal of the personal property, and disposing of the real property in accordance with section 2945 of this title. 
 “(e)  Exception .— The prohibition on actions in subsection (b) does not apply to actions necessary for the safety of human life.” 
 
 .