SEC. 11275.  STUDY ON SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL PROGRAM. (a)  Deadline. Contracts. In General .— Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center for the conduct of a study on— (1)  the Special Victims’ Counsel program of the Coast Guard; 
 (2)  Coast Guard investigations of sexual assault offenses for cases in which the subject of the investigation is no longer under jeopardy for the alleged misconduct for reasons including the death of the accused, a lapse in the statute of limitations for the alleged offense, and a fully adjudicated criminal trial of the alleged offense in which all appeals have been exhausted; and 
 (3)  legal support and representation provided to members of the Coast Guard who are victims of sexual assault, including in instances in which the accused is a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Space Force. 
 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The study required by subsection (a) shall assess the following: (1)  The Special Victims’ Counsel program of the Coast Guard, including training, effectiveness, capacity to handle the number of cases referred, and experience with cases involving members of the Coast Guard or members of another armed force (as defined in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code ). 
 (2)  The experience of Special Victims’ Counsels in representing members of the Coast Guard during a court-martial. 136 STAT. 4069 
 (3)  Policies concerning the availability and detailing of Special Victims’ Counsels for sexual assault allegations, in particular such allegations in which the accused is a member of another armed force (as defined in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code ), and the impact that the cross-service relationship had on— (A)  the competence and sufficiency of services provided to the alleged victim; and 
 (B)  the interaction between— (i)  the investigating agency and the Special Victims’ Counsels; and 
 (ii)  the prosecuting entity and the Special Victims’ Counsels. 
 
 
 (4)  Training provided to, or made available for, Special Victims’ Counsels and paralegals with respect to Department of Defense processes for conducting sexual assault investigations and Special Victims’ Counsel representation of sexual assault victims. 
 (5)  The ability of Special Victims’ Counsels to operate independently without undue influence from third parties, including the command of the accused, the command of the victim, the Judge Advocate General of the Coast Guard, and the Deputy Judge Advocate General of the Coast Guard. 
 (6)  The skill level and experience of Special Victims’ Counsels, as compared to special victims’ counsels available to members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Force. 
 (7)  Policies regarding access to an alternate Special Victims’ Counsel, if requested by the member of the Coast Guard concerned, and potential improvements for such policies. 
 
 (c)  Recommenda- tions. Report .— Not later than 180 days after entering into an agreement under subsection (a), the federally funded research and development center shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (1)  the findings of the study required by such subsection; 
 (2)  recommendations to improve the coordination, training, and experience of Special Victims’ Counsels of the Coast Guard so as to improve outcomes for members of the Coast Guard who have reported sexual assault; and 
 (3)  any other recommendation the federally funded research and development center considers appropriate.