SEC. 164.  COMPTROLLER GENERAL AUDIT OF EFFORTS TO MODERNIZE THE PROPULSION, POWER, AND THERMAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS OF F–35 AIRCRAFT. (a)  Audit Required .— The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of the efforts of the Department of Defense to modernize the propulsion, power, and thermal management systems of F–35 aircraft. 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The audit conducted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Evaluation. An evaluation of the results of the business-case analysis conducted by the Director of the F–35 Joint Program Office, in which the Director assessed options to modernize the propulsion, power, and thermal management systems of the F–35 aircraft. 
 (2)  An assessment of the costs associated with each modernization option assessed in the business-case analysis described in paragraph (1), including any costs associated with development, production, retrofit, integration, and installation of the option (including any aircraft modifications required to accommodate such option), and an assessment of the sustainment infrastructure requirements associated with that option for each variant of F–35 aircraft. 
 (3)  An assessment of the progress made by the prototype engines developed under the Adaptive Engine Transition Program and the development and testing status of the other modernization options assessed in the business-case analysis described in paragraph (1). 
 (4)  An assessment of the timeline associated with modernizing the propulsion, power, and thermal management systems of F–35 aircraft to meet the capability performance requirements of the full Block 4 suite upgrade planned for each variant of such aircraft. 
 (5)  An assessment of the costs associated with modernizing the propulsion, power, and thermal management systems of F–35 aircraft to meet the capability performance requirements of the full Block 4 suite upgrade planned for each variant of such aircraft. 
 (6)  An assessment of the potential effects of each modernization option assessed in the business-case analysis described in paragraph (1) on life-cycle sustainment costs and the costs of spare parts for F–35 aircraft, including any  136 STAT. 2465 
participatory effects on international partners and foreign military sales customers. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than February 28, 2023, the Comptroller General shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the preliminary results of the audit conducted under subsection (a). 
 (d)  Report .— Following the briefing under subsection (c), at such time as is mutually agreed upon by the congressional defense committees and the Comptroller General, the Comptroller General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the final results of the audit conducted under subsection (a), including the findings of the Comptroller General with respect to each element specified in subsection (b).