SEC. 1510.  10 USC 113 note . INTEGRATED NON-KINETIC FORCE DEVELOPMENT. (a)  Force Development .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish forces, capabilities, and information support to enable the delivery of non-kinetic effects that provide increased survivability and effectiveness of military forces within a defense planning scenario. 
 (2)  Force planning .— To support the development of the forces, capabilities, and information support under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall establish a force planning activity to identify and define the relevant forces, capabilities, and information support required to develop and deliver non-kinetic effects within a defense planning scenario. The Secretary shall ensure that the force planning activity identifies— (A)  desired operational effects within such scenario; 
 (B)  the gaps that limit the ability to access important targets, the development of capabilities, the conduct of mission planning, and the execution of operations to deliver such effects; 
 (C)  the collection systems, analytic expertise and capacity, analytic tools and processes, foreign materiel, and product lines required to support development and delivery of such effects; 
 (D)  the forces required to deliver such effects, including associated doctrine, training, expertise, organization, authorities, and command and control arrangements; and 
 (E)  the cyber, electronic warfare, sensing, and communications capabilities, and delivery platforms and mechanisms, required to achieve such effects and the extent to which such capabilities, platforms, and mechanisms should be integrated with each other. 136 STAT. 2891 
 
 (3)  Time period. Initial organization structure .— During an initial period of not less than 24 months, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall organize the force planning activity established under paragraph (2).  Designation. The Under Secretary shall designate a planning official from the Office of the Under Secretary for Research and Engineering to lead development and execution of the force planning activity, in coordination with staff designated by the Director of the Joint Staff of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. The designated planning official shall select a lead technical director. After such initial period, the Secretary may re-assign the force planning activity to another organization under different leadership. 
 (4)  Deadline. Plan for follow-on activities .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for follow-on activities regarding the delivery of non-kinetic effects described in paragraph (1). The Secretary shall ensure the plan— (A)  includes the identification of dedicated resources to be controlled by the designated planning official described in paragraph (3) and an approach under which the planning official apportions such resources across the Department of Defense to establish, augment, and accelerate new and ongoing activities described in paragraph (1) and subsections (b), (c), and (d); and 
 (B)  identifies— (i)  a dedicated program element for non-kinetic force development; 
 (ii)  the suitability of the mission management authorities established through the pilot program under section 871 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  10 U.S.C. 191 note ); 
 (iii)  the utility of using joint capability technology demonstrations to drive prototyping, experimentation, and technical integration of non-kinetic capabilities; 
 (iv)  how the Rapid Defense Experimentation Reserve might drive prototyping, experimentation, and technical integration of non-kinetic capabilities; and 
 (v)  alignment with other experimentation activities with the appropriate combatant commands. 
 
 
 (5)  Updates. Recommenda- tions. Time period. Implementation .— During the initial period specified in paragraph (3), the designated planning official described in such paragraph shall report directly to the Deputy Secretary of Defense, to whom the official shall provide updates and recommendations not less frequently than quarterly. The Secretary shall ensure that the force planning activity established under paragraph (2) is supported by representatives from the military services, relevant combatant commands, the Strategic Capabilities Office, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, and other elements within the Department of Defense, as appropriate. 
 
 (b)  Forces .— In order to generate the forces identified in subsection (a)(2)(D), the Secretary of Defense shall— (1)  through the Secretaries of the military departments and the heads of other Department of Defense components,  136 STAT. 2892 
as appropriate, establish appropriate forces and accompanying doctrine, training, and tradecraft; 
 (2)  acting through the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, serving as the Chairman of the Joint Requirements Oversight Council, ensure that appropriate requirements exist to guide the development and fielding of forces and means to deliver non-kinetic effects within a defense planning scenario; 
 (3)  through the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the combatant commands, establish appropriate command and control structures and relationships governing such forces; and 
 (4)  Determination. determine the appropriate responsibilities of— (A)  Cyber Mission Force of the United States Cyber Command; 
 (B)  cyber, electronic warfare, and space forces provided to other combatant commands; and 
 (C)  other operational entities within the Department of Defense in delivering non-kinetic effects. 
 
 
 (c)  Capabilities .— In order to develop the capabilities identified in subsection (a)(2)(E), the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, the Director of the Strategic Capabilities Office, the Secretaries of the military departments, and the heads of other elements of the Department of Defense, shall develop the capabilities required for the delivery of non-kinetic effects within a defense planning scenario. 
 (d)  Policy .— The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall develop policy governing the delivery of non-kinetic effects within a defense planning scenario. 
 (e)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the status of the implementation of this section. 
 (f)  Non-kinetic Effects Defined .— In this section, the term “ non-kinetic effects ” means effects achieved through radio-frequency transmission of integrated cyber and electronic warfare techniques and other related and supporting technical measures.