SEC. 1087.  10 USC 161 note . ESTABLISHMENT OF JOINT FORCE HEADQUARTERS IN AREA OF OPERATIONS OF UNITED STATES INDO-PACIFIC COMMAND. (a)  Establishment .— Not later than October 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a joint force headquarters in the area of operations of United States Indo-Pacific Command, in accordance with the implementation plan required under subsection (b). 
 (b)  Implementation Plan and Establishment of Joint Force Headquarters .— (1)  Implementation plan .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an implementation plan for the establishment of a joint force headquarters in the area of operations of United States Indo-Pacific Command to serve as an operational command. Such plan shall include— 136 STAT. 2803 
 (A)  the integration of joint all domain command and control effects chains and mission command and control, including in conflicts that arise with minimal warning; 
 (B)  the integration of the capabilities of Assault Breaker II, developed by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, and related developmental efforts as they transition to operational deployment; 
 (C)  the exercise of other joint all domain command and control capabilities and functions; and 
 (D)  such other missions and operational tasks as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (2)  Elements .— The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include each of the following with respect to the joint force headquarters to be established: (A)  A description of the operational chain of command. 
 (B)  An identification of the manning and resourcing required, relative to assigned missions, particularly the sources of personnel required. 
 (C)  A description of the mission and lines of effort. 
 (D)  Assessment. A description of the relationship with existing entities in United States Indo-Pacific Command, including an assessment of complementary and duplicative activities with such entities and the joint force headquarters. 
 (E)  An identification of supporting infrastructure required. 
 (F)  Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
 
 
 (c)  Support for Joint Force Headquarters .— The commander of the joint force headquarters established under this section shall be supported by the United States Indo-Pacific Command subordinate unified commands, subordinate component commands, standing joint task force, and the Armed Forces. 
 (d)  Annual Report Required .— (1)  Termination date. In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the establishment of the joint force headquarters required under subsection (a), and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until December 31, 2028, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual report on the joint force headquarters established under this section. 
 (2)  Contents .— Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A description of the mission and lines of effort of the joint force headquarters. 
 (B)  An accounting of the personnel and other resources supporting the joint force headquarters, including support external to the headquarters. 
 (C)  A description of the operational chain of command of the joint force headquarters. 
 (D)  Assessment. An assessment of the manning and resourcing of the joint force headquarters, relative to assigned missions. 
 (E)  Assessment. A description of the relationship with existing entities in Indo-Pacific Command, including an assessment of complementary and duplicative activities with such entities and the joint force headquarters. 136 STAT. 2804 
 
 (3)  Form .— Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.