SEC. 161.  10 USC 3453 note . INCREASE IN AIR FORCE AND NAVY USE OF USED COMMERCIAL DUAL-USE PARTS IN CERTAIN AIRCRAFT AND ENGINES. (a)  Deadline. Procedures. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, with respect to the Air Force, and the Secretary of the Navy, with respect to the Navy, shall develop and implement processes and procedures for— (1)  the acquisition of used, overhauled, reconditioned, and remanufactured commercial dual-use parts; and 
 (2)  the use of such commercial dual-use parts in all— (A)  commercial derivative aircraft and engines; and 
 (B)  aircraft used by the Air Force or Navy that are based on the design of commercial products. 
 
 
 (b)  Procurement of Parts .— The processes and procedures implemented under subsection (a) shall provide that commercial dual-use parts shall be acquired— (1)  pursuant to competitive procedures (as defined in  section 3012 of title 10, United States Code ); and 
 (2)  only from suppliers that provide parts that possess an Authorized Release Certificate Federal Aviation Administration Form 8130-3 Airworthy Approval Tag from a certified repair station pursuant to  part 145 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations . 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Commercial derivative .— The term “ commercial derivative ” means an item procured by the Department of Defense that is or was produced using the same or similar production facilities, a common supply chain, and the same or similar production processes that are used for the production of the item as predominantly used by the general public or by nongovernmental entities for purposes other than governmental purposes. 
 (2)  Commercial dual-use part .— The term “ commercial dual-use part ” means a product that is— (A)  a commercial product; 136 STAT. 2462 
 (B)  dual-use; 
 (C)  described in subsection (b)(2); and 
 (D)  not a life-limited part. 
 
 (3)  Commercial product .— The term “ commercial product ” has the meaning given such term in  section 103 of title 41, United States Code . 
 (4)  Dual-use .— The term “ dual-use ” has the meaning given such term in  section 4801 of title 10, United States Code .