SEC. 1642.  MATTERS RELATING TO NUCLEAR-CAPABLE SEA-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE. (a)  Country listing. Assessments. Report on Deterrence .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes the approach by the Department of Defense for deterring theater nuclear employment by Russia, China, and North Korea, including— (1)  an assessment of the current and future theater nuclear capabilities and doctrines of Russia, China, and North Korea; 
 (2)  an explanation of the strategy and capabilities of the United States for deterring theater nuclear employment; and 
 (3)  a comparative assessment of options for strengthening deterrence of theater nuclear employment, including pursuit of the nuclear-capable sea-launched cruise missile and other potential changes to the nuclear and conventional posture and capabilities of the United States. 
 
 (b)  Concept of Operations and Operational Implications .— (1)  Deadline. Concept of operations .— Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in coordination with the Chief of Naval Operations, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, the Commander of the United States European Command, and the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, shall develop and validate a concept of operations for a nuclear-capable sea-launched cruise missile that provides options for, at a minimum— (A)  regularly deploying the missile in relevant operational theaters; and 
 (B)  maintaining the missile in reserve and deploying as needed to relevant operational theaters. 
 
 (2)  Reports. Operational implications .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and based upon the concept of operations developed pursuant to paragraph (1), the Chief of Naval Operations, in coordination with the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, the Commander of the United States European Command, and the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes the operational implications associated with deploying nuclear-capable sea-launched cruise missiles on naval vessels, including— (A)  Country listing. anticipated effects on the deterrence of regional nuclear use by Russia, China, and North Korea from such deployment; 136 STAT. 2946 
 (B)  Country listing. expected adjustments in the regional balances of nuclear forces between the United States and Russia, China, and North Korea respectively, based on the anticipated effects under subparagraph (A); 
 (C)  anticipated operational and deterrence implications of allocating missile or torpedo tubes from conventional munitions to nuclear munitions if additional vessels beyond current planning are not available; 
 (D)  anticipated operational constraints and trade-offs associated with reserving or limiting naval vessels, if applicable, on account of nuclear mission requirements; 
 (E)  adjustments to posture and operationally available capabilities that may be required if the Navy is not provided with additional resources to support tactical nuclear operations, including potential costs and constraints relating to nuclear certification, modifications to port infrastructure, personnel training, and other factors; and 
 (F)  any other issues identified by the Chief, Vice Chairman, and Commanders. 
 
 
 (c)  Report on Development .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes the cost and timeline of developing and producing a variation of the W80–4 warhead for a nuclear-capable sea-launched cruise missile, including— (1)  Costs. the cost of developing, producing, and sustaining the warhead; 
 (2)  Timeline. the timeline for the design, production, and fielding of the warhead; and 
 (3)  Assessment. an assessment of how the pursuit of a variant of the W80–4 warhead may affect other planned warhead activities of the National Nuclear Security Administration, including whether there would be risk to the cost and schedule of other warhead programs of the Administration if the Nuclear Weapons Council added a nuclear-capable sea-launched cruise missile warhead to the portfolio of such programs. 
 
 (d)  Deadline. Spend Plan .— Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy and the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees the anticipated spend plans for the research and development of a nuclear-capable sea-launched cruise missile and the associated warhead for the missile with respect to each of the following: (1)  The funds for such research and development appropriated by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022 ( Public Law 117–103 ). 
 (2)  The funds for such research and development authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
 
 (e)  Consolidated Report .— The reports required by subsections (a) and (b)(2) may be submitted in one consolidated report. 
 (f)  Deadline. Preferred Course of Action .— To inform the reports under this section, not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall identify one or more preferred courses of action from among the actions identified in the analysis of alternatives for a nuclear-capable sea-launched cruise missile. 
 (g)  Limitation .— 136 STAT. 2947 
 (1)  Summary. In general .— None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2023 for the Department of Defense or the National Nuclear Security Administration may be obligated or expended for a purpose specified in paragraph (2) until each of the reports under this section and a detailed, unclassified summary of the analysis of alternatives regarding the nuclear-capable sea-launched cruise missile have been submitted to the congressional defense committees. 
 (2)  Funds specified .— The purposes specified in this paragraph are the following: (A)  With respect to the Department of Defense, system development and demonstration of a nuclear-capable sea-launched cruise missile. 
 (B)  With respect to the National Nuclear Security Administration, development engineering for a modified, altered, or new warhead for a sea-launched cruise missile. 
 
 
 (h)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ development engineering ” means activities under phase 3 of the joint nuclear weapons life cycle (as defined in section 4220 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2538b ) or phase 6.3 of a nuclear weapons life extension program. 
 (2)  The term “ system development and demonstration ” means the activities occurring in the phase after a program achieves Milestone B approval (as defined in  section 4172 of title 10, United States Code ).