SEC. 11218.  14 USC 561 note . ESTABLISHMENT OF MEDIUM ICEBREAKER PROGRAM OFFICE. (a)  Reports. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant, in consultation with the heads of the other Federal agencies as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report to establish a fleet mix analysis with respect to polar icebreakers and icebreaking tugs. 
 (b)  Contents .— The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1)  Cost. Timelines. a full fleet mix of heavy and medium icebreaker and 140-foot icebreaking tug replacements, including cost and timelines for the acquisition of such vessels; 
 (2)  Timetable. a revised time table showing the construction, commissioning, and acceptance of planned Polar Security Cutters 1 through 3, as of the date of report; 
 (3)  Analysis. Costs. Timeline. a comparison and alternatives analysis of the costs and timeline of constructing 2 Polar Security Cutters beyond the construction of 3 such vessels rather than constructing 3 Arctic Security Cutters, including the cost of planning, design, and engineering of a new class of ships, which shall include the increased costs resulting from the delays in building a new class of cutters rather than building 2 additional cutters from an ongoing production line; 
 (4)  the operational benefits, limitations, and risks of a common hull design for polar icebreaking cutters for operation in the polar regions; 136 STAT. 4019 
 (5)  the operational benefits, limitations, and risks of a common hull design for icebreaking tugs for operation in the Northeastern United States; and 
 (6)  Cost. Timetable. the cost and timetable for  replacing  the Coast Guard Cutter  Healy  (WAGB 20) as— (A)  a Polar Security Cutter; 
 (B)  an Arctic Security Cutter; or 
 (C)  Determination. other platform as determined by the Commandant. 
 
 
 (c)  Updates. Quarterly Briefings .— As part of quarterly acquisition briefings provided by the Commandant to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Commandant shall include an update on the status of— (1)  all acquisition activities related to the Polar Security Cutter; 
 (2)  the performance of the entity which the Coast Guard has contracted with for detailed design and construction of the Polar Security Cutter; and 
 (3)  the requirements for the planning, detailed design, engineering, and construction of the— (A)  Arctic Security Cutter; and 
 (B)  Great Lakes Icebreaker. 
 
 
 (d)  Limitation .— The report required to be submitted under subsection (a) shall not include an analysis of the Great Lakes Icebreaker authorized under section 11104. 
 (e)  Deadlines. Establishment of the Arctic Security Cutter Program Office .— (1)  Determination .— Not later than 90 days after the submission of the report under subsection (a), the Commandant shall determine if constructing additional Polar Security Cutters is more cost effective and efficient than constructing 3 Arctic Security Cutters. 
 (2)  Establishment .— If the Commandant determines under paragraph (1) that it is more cost effective to build 3 Arctic Security Cutters than to build additional Polar Security Cutters or if the Commandant fails to make a determination under paragraph (1) by June 1, 2024, the Commandant shall establish a program office for the acquisition of the Arctic Security Cutter not later than January 1, 2025. 
 (3)  Requirements and design phase .— Not later than 270 days after the date on which the Commandant establishes a program office under paragraph (2), the Commandant shall complete the evaluation of requirements for the Arctic Security Cutter and initiate the design phase of the Arctic Security Cutter vessel class. 
 
 (f)  Quarterly Briefings .— Not less frequently than quarterly until the date on which a contract for acquisition of the Arctic Security Cutter is awarded under  chapter 11 of title 14, United States Code , the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on the status of requirements evaluations, design of the vessel, and schedule of the program. 136 STAT. 4020