SEC. 11405.  STUDY ON FOOD SECURITY. (a)  Study .— (1)  In general .— The Commandant shall conduct a study on food insecurity among members of the Coast Guard. 
 (2)  Elements .— The study required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Analysis. An analysis of the impact of food deserts on members of the Coast Guard and their dependents who live in areas with high costs of living, including areas with high-density populations and rural areas. 
 (B)  A comparison of— (i)  the current method used by the Commandant to determine which areas are considered to be high cost-of-living areas; 
 (ii)  local-level indicators used by the Bureau of Labor Statistics to determine a cost of living that indicates buying power and consumer spending in specific geographic areas; and 
 (iii)  indicators of the cost of living used by the Department of Agriculture in market basket analyses and other measures of the local or regional cost of food. 
 
 (C)  Assessment. An assessment of the accuracy of the method and indicators described in subparagraph (B) in quantifying high cost of living in low-data and remote areas. 
 (D)  Assessment. An assessment of the manner in which data accuracy and availability affect the accuracy of cost-of-living allowance calculations and other benefits, as the Commandant considers appropriate. 
 (E)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations— (i)  to improve access to high-quality, affordable food within a reasonable distance of Coast Guard units located in areas identified as food deserts; 
 (ii)  to reduce transit costs for members of the Coast Guard and their dependents who are required to travel to access high-quality, affordable food; and 
 (iii)  for improving the accuracy of the calculations referred to in subparagraph (D). 
 
 (F)  Cost estimates. The estimated costs of implementing each recommendation made under subparagraph (E). 
 
 
 (b)  Plan .— 136 STAT. 4112 
 (1)  In general .— The Commandant shall develop a detailed plan to implement the recommendations of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Briefing. Cost. Proposals. Report .— Not later than 1 year after date of the enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on the plan required under paragraph (1), including the cost of implementation, proposals for legislative change, and any other result of the study the Commandant considers appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Food Desert Defined .— In this section, the term “ food desert ” means an area, as determined by the Commandant, in which it is difficult, even with a vehicle or an otherwise-available mode of transportation, to obtain affordable, high-quality fresh food in the immediate area in which members of the Coast Guard serve and reside.