SEC. 1508.  10 USC 333 note . MILITARY CYBERSECURITY COOPERATION WITH HASHEMITE KINGDOM OF JORDAN. (a)  Deadline. Requirement .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, in concurrence with the Secretary of State and in coordination with the Commander of the United States Cyber Command and the Commander of the United States Central Command, shall seek to engage the Ministry of Defense of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan for the purpose of expanding cooperation of military cybersecurity activities. 
 (b)  Cooperation Efforts .— In expanding the cooperation of military cybersecurity activities between the Department of Defense and the Ministry of Defense of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense may carry out the following efforts: (1)  Bilateral cybersecurity training activities and exercises. 
 (2)  Efforts to— (A)  actively defend military networks, infrastructure, and systems; 
 (B)  eradicate malicious cyber activity that has compromised those networks, infrastructure, and systems; and 
 (C)  leverage United States commercial and military cybersecurity technology and services to harden and defend those networks, infrastructure, and systems. 
 
 (3)  Establishment of a regional cybersecurity center. 
 
 (c)  Briefings .— (1)  Deadline. Requirement .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the implementation of this section. 136 STAT. 2886 
 (2)  Contents .— The briefing under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  An overview of efforts undertaken pursuant to this section. 
 (B)  A description of the feasibility and advisability of expanding the cooperation of military cybersecurity activities between the Department of Defense and the Ministry of Defense of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
 (C)  Identification of any challenges and resources that need to be addressed so as to expand such cooperation. 
 (D)  Any other matter the Secretary determines relevant. 
 
 
 (d)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.