SEC. 1703.  QUARTERLY BRIEFINGS ON REPLENISHMENT AND REVITALIZATION OF WEAPONS PROVIDED TO UKRAINE. (a)  Briefings on Covered Systems .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees quarterly briefings on the progress of the Department of Defense toward— (1)  replenishing the inventory of covered systems; 
 (2)  expanding the production capacity of covered systems; and 136 STAT. 2967 
 (3)  increasing the resilience of the production capacity of covered systems. 
 
 (b)  Grouping of Covered Systems .— For each briefing required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense may group covered systems together based on the relevant capabilities of such covered systems. 
 (c)  Elements .— Each briefing required under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the period covered by such briefing, the following: (1)  A description of any reprogramming carried out in accordance with established procedures for each covered system, with appropriate notation for— (A)  the number of the replenishment tranche; and 
 (B)  Determination. a determination of whether each such reprogramming— (i)  replaces covered systems; 
 (ii)  expands production capacity of covered systems; or 
 (iii)  increases the resilience of the production capacity of covered systems. 
 
 
 (2)  A description of obligations applied to each covered system and expected timeline for future obligations. 
 (3)  A description of current and future production capacity for each covered system, broken down by month and calendar year. 
 (4)  A description of expected delivery of covered systems to the Department of Defense. 
 (5)  Estimate. To the extent practicable, with respect to the total number of covered systems provided during the period covered by the briefing, an estimate for the timing of the delivery of at least 50 percent of the replenishment articles for a covered system and the delivery of 100 percent of such replenishment articles, compared to the number of covered systems provided. 
 (6)  A description of overall actual and expected obligation rates for all reprogrammings applied to covered systems. 
 (7)  A description of any other investments made that significantly affect the replenishment timeline or production capacity of the covered systems. 
 (8)  A description of remaining industrial base risks or opportunities for increased competition for each covered system and detailed options to mitigate such risks or expand competition, including any changes necessary to authorities to enable risk reduction or expanded competition. 
 (9)  Time period. To the extent practicable, a comparison of the expected inventory of covered systems over the next 5 years compared to the requirements set forth under  section 222c of title 10, United States Code . 
 
 (d)  Briefings on Stocks of Allies and Partners .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate quarterly briefings that include the following: (1)  Timeline. Budget estimate. A timeline and budgetary estimate for developing and procuring replacement stocks of covered systems for allies and partner countries of the United States. 136 STAT. 2968 
 (2)  Update. An update on the efforts of the Department to work with such allies and partner countries to advance the replenishment of munitions stocks for such allies and partners that have provided, or are contemplating providing, such stocks to Ukraine. 
 
 (e)  Termination .— This section and the requirements of this section shall terminate on December 31, 2026. 
 (f)  Covered System Defined .— In this section, the term “ covered system ” means any system provided to the Government of Ukraine pursuant to any of the following: (1)  Section 506 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2318 ). 
 (2)  Section 614 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2364 ). 
 (3)  The Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative established under section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ;  129 Stat. 1068 ), including as amended by this Act, if such system was provided to Ukraine after February 24, 2022.