SEC. 11237.  37 USC 352 note . CAREER INCENTIVE PAY FOR MARINE INSPECTORS. (a)  Authority To Provide Assignment Pay or Special Duty Pay .— The Secretary may provide assignment pay or special duty pay under  section 352 of title 37, United States Code , to a member of the Coast Guard serving in a prevention position and assigned as a marine inspector or marine investigator pursuant to  section 312 of title 14, United States Code . 
 (b)  Annual Briefing .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on any uses of the authority under subsection (a) during the preceding year. 
 (2)  Elements .— Each briefing required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  The number of members of the Coast Guard serving as marine inspectors or marine investigators pursuant to  section 312 of title 14, United States Code , who are receiving assignment pay or special duty pay under  section 352 of title 37, United States Code . 
 (B)  Assessment. An assessment of the impact of the use of the authority under this section on the effectiveness and efficiency of the Coast Guard in administering the laws and regulations for the promotion of safety of life and property on and under the high seas and waters subject to the jurisdiction of the United States. 
 (C)  Assessment. An assessment of the effects of assignment pay and special duty pay on retention of marine inspectors and investigators. 
 (D)  If the authority provided in subsection (a) is not exercised, a detailed justification for not exercising such authority, including an explanation of the efforts the Secretary is taking to ensure that the Coast Guard workforce  136 STAT. 4037 
contains an adequate number of qualified marine inspectors. 
 
 
 (c)  Study .— (1)  Deadline. Time period. In general .— Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Director of the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, shall conduct a study on the health of marine inspectors and marine investigators who have served as such inspectors or investigators for a period of not less than 10 years. 
 (2)  Elements .— The study required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Evaluations. An evaluation of— (i)  the daily vessel inspection duties of marine inspectors and marine investigators, including the examination of internal cargo tanks and voids and new construction activities; 
 (ii)  major incidents to which marine inspectors and marine investigators have had to respond, and any other significant incident, such as a vessel casualty, that has resulted in the exposure of marine inspectors and marine investigators to hazardous chemicals or substances; and 
 (iii)  the types of hazardous chemicals or substances to which marine inspectors and marine investigators have been exposed relative to the effects such chemicals or substances have had on marine inspectors and marine investigators. 
 
 (B)  Review. Analysis. A review and analysis of the current Coast Guard health and safety monitoring systems, and recommendations for improving such systems, specifically with respect to the exposure of members of the Coast Guard to hazardous substances while carrying out inspections and investigation duties. 
 (C)  Any other element the Secretary considers appropriate. 
 
 (3)  Report .— Upon completion of the study required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study and recommendations for actions the Commandant should take to improve the health and exposure of marine inspectors and marine investigators. 
 
 (d)  Termination .— The authority provided by subsection (a) shall terminate on December 31, 2028.