SEC. 1212.  10 USC 311 note . DEFENSE OPERATIONAL RESILIENCE INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION PILOT PROGRAM. (a)  Establishment .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and in coordination with the commanders of the geographic combatant commands, may establish a pilot program, to be known as the “Defense Operational Resilience International Cooperation Pilot Program” (in this section referred to as the “pilot program”) to support engagement with military forces of partner countries on defense-related environmental and operational energy issues in support of the theater campaign plans of the geographic combatant commands. 
 (b)  Duration .— The Secretary of Defense may carry out the pilot program during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2025. 
 (c)  Limitations .— 136 STAT. 2835 
 (1)  Purposes .— The pilot program shall be limited to the following purposes: (A)  To build military-to-military relationships in support of the efforts of the Department of Defense to engage in long-term strategic competition. 
 (B)  To sustain the mission capability and forward posture of the Armed Forces of the United States. 
 (C)  To enhance the capability, capacity, and resilience of the military forces of partner countries. 
 
 (2)  Prohibited assistance .— The Secretary may not use the pilot program to provide assistance that is in violation of  section 362 of title 10, United States Code , or otherwise prohibited by law. 
 (3)  Plan. Security cooperation .— The Secretary shall plan and prioritize assistance, training, and exercises with partner countries pursuant to the pilot program in a manner that is consistent with applicable guidance relating to security cooperation program and activities of the Department of Defense. 
 
 (d)  Funding .— Of amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act for each of fiscal years 2023 through 2025 and available for operation and maintenance, the Secretary may make available $10,000,000 to support the pilot program, which shall be allocated in accordance with the priorities of the commanders of the geographic combatant commands. 
 (e)  Annual Report .— (1)  In general .— With respect to each year the Secretary carries out the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on obligations and expenditures made to carry out the pilot program during the fiscal year that precedes the year during which each such report is submitted. 
 (2)  Deadline .— The Secretary shall submit each such report not later than March 1 of each year during which the Secretary has authority to carry out the pilot program. 
 (3)  Elements .— Each such report shall include the following: (A)  An accounting of each obligation and expenditure made to carry out the pilot program, disaggregated, where applicable, by partner country and military force of a partner country. 
 (B)  An explanation of the manner in which each such obligation or expenditure— (i)  supports the national defense of the United States; and 
 (ii)  is in accordance with limitations described in subsection (c). 
 
 (C)  Any other matter the Secretary determines to be relevant. 
 
 
 (f)  Time period. Temporary Cessation of Authorization .— No funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2023 through 2025 for the Department of Defense may be made available for the “Defense Environmental International Cooperation Program”. During the period specified in subsection (b), all activities and functions of the “Defense Environmental International Cooperation Program” may only be carried out under the pilot program. 136 STAT. 2836