SEC. 11264.  6 USC 245 . OPERATIONAL DATA SHARING CAPABILITY. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall, consistent with the ongoing Integrated Multi-Domain Enterprise joint effort by the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Defense, establish a secure, centralized capability to allow real-time, or near real-time, data and information sharing between Customs and Border Protection and the Coast Guard for purposes of maritime boundary domain awareness and enforcement activities along the maritime boundaries of the United States, including the maritime boundaries in the northern and southern continental United States and Alaska. 
 (b)  Priority .— In establishing the capability under subsection (a), the Secretary shall prioritize enforcement areas experiencing the highest levels of enforcement activity. 
 (c)  Requirements .— The capability established under subsection (a) shall be sufficient for the secure sharing of data, information, and surveillance necessary for operational missions, including data from governmental assets, irrespective of whether an asset located in or around mission operation areas belongs to the Coast Guard, Customs and Border Protection, or any other partner agency. 
 (d)  Elements .— The Commissioner of Customs and Border Protection and the Commandant shall jointly— (1)  Assessment. assess and delineate the types of data and quality of data sharing needed to meet the respective operational missions of Customs and Border Protection and the Coast Guard, including video surveillance, seismic sensors, infrared detection, space-based remote sensing, and any other data or information necessary; 
 (2)  Requirements. Processes. develop appropriate requirements and processes for the credentialing of personnel of Customs and Border Protection and personnel of the Coast Guard to access and use the capability established under subsection (a); and 
 (3)  Contracts. establish a cost-sharing agreement for the long-term operation and maintenance of the capability and the assets that provide data to the capability. 
 
 (e)  Report .— Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report on the establishment of the capability under this section. 
 (f)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the Coast Guard, Customs and Border Protection, or any other partner agency to acquire, share, or transfer personal information relating to an individual in violation of any Federal or State law or regulation.