SEC. 11321.  Deadlines. NOTIFICATION OF COMMUNICATION OUTAGES. (a)  Upgrades to Rescue 21 System in Alaska .— Not later than August 30, 2023, the Commandant shall ensure the timely upgrade of the Rescue 21 system in Alaska so as to achieve 98 percent operational availability of remote fixed facility sites. 
 (b)  Plan to Reduce Outages .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall develop an operations and maintenance plan for the Rescue 21 system in Alaska that anticipates maintenance needs so as to reduce Rescue 21 system outages to the maximum extent practicable. 
 (2)  Web posting. Public availability .— The plan required under paragraph (1) shall be made available to the public on a publicly accessible website. 
 
 (c)  Report Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that— (1)  Plan. contains a plan for the Coast Guard to notify mariners of radio outages for towers owned and operated by the Seventeenth Coast Guard District; 
 (2)  addresses in such plan how the Seventeenth Coast Guard will— (A)  disseminate updates regarding outages on social media not less frequently than every 48 hours; 
 (B)  provide updates on a publicly accessible website not less frequently than every 48 hours; 
 (C)  develop methods for notifying mariners in areas in which cellular connectivity does not exist; and 
 (D)  develop and advertise a web-based communications update hub on AM/FM radio for mariners; and 
 
 (3)  identifies technology gaps that need to be mitigated in order to implement the plan and provides a budgetary assessment necessary to implement the plan. 
 
 (d)  Contingency Plan .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall, in collaboration with relevant Federal, State, Tribal, and other relevant entities (including the North Pacific Fishery Management Council, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Weather Service, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Fisheries Service, agencies of the State of Alaska, local radio stations, and stakeholders), establish a contingency plan to ensure that notifications of an outage of the Rescue 21 system in Alaska are broadly disseminated in advance of such an outage. 136 STAT. 4094 
 (2)  Elements .— The contingency plan required under paragraph (1) shall require the Coast Guard to— (A)  Time period. disseminate updates regarding outages of the Rescue 21 system in Alaska on social media not less frequently than every 48 hours during an outage; 
 (B)  Update. Public information. Web posting. Time period. Deadline. provide updates on a publicly accessible website not less frequently than every 48 hours during an outage; 
 (C)  notify mariners in areas in which cellular connectivity does not exist; 
 (D)  develop and advertise a web-based communications update hub on AM/FM radio for mariners; and 
 (E)  Assessment. identify technology gaps necessary to implement the plan and provides a budgetary assessment necessary to implement the plan.