SEC. 1091.  INTEGRATION OF ELECTRONIC WARFARE INTO TIER 1 AND TIER 2 JOINT TRAINING EXERCISES. (a)  Time periods. Requirement. In General .— During fiscal years 2023 through 2027, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall require that offensive and defensive electronic warfare capabilities be integrated into Tier 1 and Tier 2 joint training exercises. 
 (b)  Requirement to Include Opposing Force .— The Chairman shall require exercises conducted under subsection (a) to include an opposing force design based on a current intelligence assessment of the electromagnetic order of battle and capabilities of an adversary. 
 (c)  Determination. Waiver .— The Chairman may waive the requirements under subsections (a) and (b) with respect to an exercise if the Chairman determines that— (1)  the exercise does not require— (A)  a demonstration of electronic warfare capabilities; or 
 (B)  a militarily significant threat from electronic warfare attack; or 
 
 (2)  the integration of offensive and defensive electronic warfare capabilities into the exercise is cost prohibitive or not technically feasible based on the overall goals of the exercise. 
 
 (d)  Briefing Required .— Concurrent with the submission of the budget of the President to Congress pursuant to  section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code , for each of fiscal years 2023 through 2027, the Chairman shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on exercises conducted under subsection (a) that includes— (1)  a description of such exercises planned and included in the budget submission for that fiscal year; and 
 (2)  the results of each such exercise conducted in the preceding fiscal year, including— (A)  the extent to which offensive and defensive electronic warfare capabilities were integrated into the exercise; 
 (B)  Evaluation. Assessment. Determination. an evaluation and assessment of the exercise to determine the impact of the opposing force on the participants in the exercise, including— (i)  joint lessons learned; 
 (ii)  high interest training issues; and 
 (iii)  high interest training requirements; and 
 
 (C)  whether offensive and defensive electronic warfare capabilities were part of an overall joint fires and, if so, a description of how such capabilities were incorporated into the joint fires. 
 
 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section: 136 STAT. 2807 (1)  The term “ electromagnetic order of battle ” has the meaning given that term in Joint Publication 3-85 titled “Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations”, dated May 2020. 
 (2)  The terms “high interest training issue”, “high interest training requirement”, “Tier 1”, and “Tier 2” have the meanings given those terms in the Joint Training Manual for the Armed Forces of the United States (Document No. CJCSM 3500.03E), dated April 20, 2015. 
 (3)  The term “ joint fires ” has the meaning given that term in the publication of the Joint Staff titled “Insights and Best Practices Focus Paper on Integration and Synchronization of Joint Fires”, dated July 2018.