SEC. 1075.  ANALYSIS OF FEASIBILITY AND ADVISABILITY OF RELOCATING MAJOR UNITS OF THE UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES TO CERTAIN EUROPEAN COUNTRIES. (a)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of relocating major units of the United States Armed Forces to a covered country. Such report shall include— (1)  a description of commitments made by a covered country to provide host nation support, including funding for construction and maintenance of Department of Defense facilities and other actions that might reduce costs to the Department of Defense associated with hosting major units of the Armed Forces in such covered country; 
 (2)  Relocation estimate. an estimate of the expenses associated with the relocation of major units of the Armed Forces from current host nation locations, as well as a description of any benefits that would be derived from colocating such units with existing United States or multinational forces at current host nation locations; 
 (3)  Analyses. a description of the extent to which positioning major units of the Armed Forces in covered countries would provide greater operational benefit than keeping such units in current locations, including an analysis of— (A)  the geographic significance of covered countries; 
 (B)  any capabilities the host nation may offer, such as air defense or base security or terms under which the United States may use facilities on their territory; and 
 (C)  an analysis of the risks associated with the relocation of such units to covered countries; 
 
 (4)  a description of any engagements at the Under Secretary level or higher with an official of a covered country with respect to anticipated major unit movements in the area of responsibility of the United States European Command during the period covered by the future-years defense program most recently submitted to Congress pursuant to  section 221 of title 10, United States Code , including— 136 STAT. 2796 (A)  a description of the engagement with each covered country during the calendar year preceding the calendar during which the report is submitted; 
 (B)  a description of any specific requirements identified in order to host a major unit; and 
 (C)  Determination. in the case of a covered country has been determined to be unsuitable for hosting a major unit of the Armed Forces, a description of why it was determined unsuitable; and 
 
 (5)  any other matter the Secretary determines is relevant. 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered country ” means Romania, Poland, Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia, Hungary, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, or Slovakia. 
 (2)  The term “ major unit ” means an organizational unit composed of more than 500 military personnel.