SEC. 1259.  REVIEW OF PORT AND PORT-RELATED INFRASTRUCTURE PURCHASES AND INVESTMENTS MADE BY THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA AND ENTITIES DIRECTED OR BACKED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of State, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Defense, and the head of any other agency the Secretary of State considers necessary, shall conduct a review of port and port-related infrastructure purchases and investments critical to the interests and national security of the United States made by— (1)  the Government of the People’s Republic of China; 
 (2)  entities directed or backed by the Government of the People’s Republic of China; and 
 (3)  entities with beneficial owners that include the Government of the People’s Republic of China or a private company controlled by the Government of the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The review required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  List. A list of port and port-related infrastructure purchases and investments described in that subsection, prioritized in order of the purchases or investments that pose the greatest threat to United States economic, defense, and foreign policy interests. 
 (2)  Analysis. An analysis of the effects the consolidation of such investments, or the assertion of control by the Government of the People’s Republic of China over entities described in paragraph (2) or (3) of that subsection, would have on Department of State and Department of Defense contingency plans. 
 (3)  A description of the integration into ports of technologies developed and produced by the Government of the People’s Republic of China or entities described in paragraphs (2) or (3) of that subsection, and the data and cyber security risks posed by such integration. 
 (4)  A description of past and planned efforts by the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense, with the support of the Director of National Intelligence, to address such purchases, investments, and consolidation of investments or assertion of control. 
 
 (c)  Coordination With Other Federal Agencies .— In conducting the review required by subsection (a), the Secretary of State may coordinate with the head of any other Federal agency, as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
 (d)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the review under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Form .— The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 136 STAT. 2855 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Port .— The term “ port ” means— (A)  any port— (i)  on the navigable waters of the United States; or 
 (ii)  that is considered by the Secretary of State to be critical to United States interests; and 
 
 (B)  any harbor, marine terminal, or other shoreside facility used principally for the movement of goods on inland waters that the Secretary of State considers critical to United States interests. 
 
 (3)  Port-related infrastructure .— The term “ port-related infrastructure ” includes— (A)  crane equipment; 
 (B)  logistics, information, and communications systems; and 
 (C)  any other infrastructure the Secretary of State considers appropriate.