SEC. 1257.  PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO SUPPORT ENTERTAINMENT PROJECTS WITH TIES TO THE GOVERNMENT OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. (a)  In General .— None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act may be used to knowingly provide active and direct support to any film, television, or other entertainment project if the Secretary of Defense has demonstrable evidence that the project has complied or is likely to comply with a demand from the Government of the People’s Republic of China or the Chinese Communist Party, or an entity under the direction of the People’s Republic of China or the Chinese Communist Party, to censor the content of the project in a material manner to advance the national interest of the People’s Republic of China. 
 (b)  Certification. Waiver .— The Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a written certification that such a waiver is in the national interest of the United States. 
 (c)  Deadline. 10 USC 2241 note . Policy Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue a policy that describes how the Department of Defense will review requests to provide active or direct support to any film, television,  136 STAT. 2853 
or other entertainment project. The policy shall include ways to assess Chinese influence or potential influence over the content of a film, television, or other entertainment project, actions the Department can take to prevent Chinese censorship of a project, and criteria the Department shall use when evaluating requests to support a project. 
 (d)  Limitation .— Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act for the official travel expenses of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, not more than 95 percent may be obligated or expended until the policy required by subsection (c) is released and transmitted to the congressional defense committees.