SEC. 156.  ANNUAL REPORTS ON T–7A ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING SYSTEM. (a)  Time period. Annual Report .— Not later than March 1, 2023, and annually thereafter through 2028, the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the acquisition efforts of the Air Force with respect to the T–7A Advanced Pilot Training System (including any associated aircraft and ground training systems). 
 (b)  Elements .— Each report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An overview of the Assistant Secretary’s acquisition strategy for the T–7 Advanced Pilot Training System, including the current status of the acquisition strategy as of the date of the report. 
 (2)  Estimates. The cost and schedule estimates for the T–7 Advanced Pilot Training System program. 
 (3)  Requirements. In the case of the initial report under this section, the key performance parameters or the equivalent requirements for the program. In the case of subsequent reports, any key performance parameters or the equivalent requirements for the program that have changed since the submission of the previous report under this section. 
 (4)  The test and evaluation master plan for the program. 
 (5)  With respect to the testing program events completed in the year covered by the report— (A)  the completion date of each event; 
 (B)  Summary. a summary of the event, including identification of— (i)  the quantity of data points evaluated and subsequently considered complete and validated; and 
 (ii)  the quantity of data points evaluated that remain incomplete or unvalidated and requiring further testing. 136 STAT. 2461 
 
 
 (6)  Strategy. The logistics and sustainment strategy for the program and a description of any activities carried out to implement such strategy as of the date of the report. 
 (7)  An explanation of— (A)  the causes of any engineering, manufacturing, development, testing, production, delivery, acceptance, and fielding delays incurred by the program as of the date of the report; 
 (B)  the effects of such delays; and 
 (C)  any subsequent efforts to address such delays. 
 
 (8)  The post-production aircraft basing and fielding strategy for the program. 
 (9)  Determination. Any other matters regarding the acquisition of the T–7 Advanced Pilot Training System that the Assistant Secretary determines to be of critical importance to the long-term viability of the program.