SEC. 11319.  STUDY ON IMPACTS ON SHIPPING AND COMMERCIAL, TRIBAL, AND RECREATIONAL FISHERIES FROM DEVELOPMENT OF RENEWABLE ENERGY ON WEST COAST. (a)  Deadline. Contracts. Study .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Academies of Science, Engineering, and Medicine under which the National Academy of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine shall carry out a study to— (1)  Analyses. identify, document, and analyze— (A)  historic and current, as of the date of the study, Tribal, commercial, and recreational fishing grounds, as well as areas where fish stocks are likely to shift in the future in all covered waters; 
 (B)  usual and accustomed fishing areas in all covered waters; 136 STAT. 4092 
 (C)  historic, current, and potential future shipping lanes, based on projected growth in shipping traffic in all covered waters; 
 (D)  current and expected Coast Guard operations relevant to commercial fishing activities, including search and rescue, radar, navigation, communications, and safety within and near renewable energy sites; and 
 (E)  key types of data needed to properly site renewable energy sites on the West Coast, with regard to assessing and mitigating conflicts; 
 
 (2)  Analyses. analyze— (A)  methods used to manage fishing, shipping, and other maritime activities; and 
 (B)  potential future interactions between such activities and the placement of renewable energy infrastructure and the associated construction, maintenance, and operation of such infrastructure, including potential benefits and methods of mitigating adverse impacts; and 
 
 (3)  Review. Recommenda- tions. review the current decision-making process for offshore wind in covered waters, and outline recommendations for governmental consideration of all impacted coastal communities, particularly Tribal governments and fisheries communities, in the decision-making process for offshore wind in covered waters, including recommendations for— (A)  ensuring the appropriate governmental consideration of potential benefits of offshore wind in covered waters; and 
 (B)  risk reduction and mitigation of adverse impacts on Coast Guard operations relevant to commercial fishing activities. 
 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Submission .— Not later than 1 year after commencing the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1)  submit the study to the Committees on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Natural Resources, and Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, including the review and outline provided under subsection (a)(3); and 
 (2)  Public information. make the study publicly available. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Covered waters .— The term “ covered waters ” means Federal or State waters off of the Canadian border and out to the furthest extent of the exclusive economic zone along the West Coast of the United States. 
 (2)  Exclusive economic zone .— The term “ exclusive economic zone ” has the meaning given such term in  section 107 of title 46, United States Code .