SEC. 11223.  Contracts. 14 USC 561 note . ACQUISITION OF ICEBREAKER. (a)  In General .— The Commandant may acquire or procure 1 United States built available icebreaker. 
 (b)  Exemptions From Requirements .— (1)  In general .— Sections 1131, 1132(a)(2), 1132(c), 1133, and 1171 of  title 14, United States Code , shall not apply to an acquisition or procurement under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Additional exceptions .— Paragraphs (1), (3), (4), and (5) of subsection (a) and subsections (b), (d), and (e) of  section 1132 of title 14, United States Code , shall apply to an acquisition or procurement under subsection (a) until the first phase of the initial acquisition or procurement is complete and initial operating capacity is achieved. 
 
 (c)  Science Mission Requirements .— For any available icebreaker acquired or procured under subsection (a), the Commandant  136 STAT. 4022 
shall ensure scientific research capacity comparable to the Coast Guard Cutter  Healy  (WAGB 20), for the purposes of hydrographic, bathymetric, oceanographic, weather, atmospheric, climate, fisheries, marine mammals, genetic and other data related to the Arctic, and other research as the Under Secretary determines appropriate. 
 (d)  Operations and Agreements .— (1)  Coast guard .— With respect to any available icebreaker acquired or procured under subsection (a), the Secretary shall be responsible for any acquisition, retrofitting, operation, and maintenance costs necessary to achieve full operational capability, including testing, installation, and acquisition, including for the suite of hull-mounted, ship-provided scientific instrumentation and equipment for data collection. 
 (2)  National oceanic and atmospheric administration .— The Under Secretary shall not be responsible for the costs of retrofitting any available icebreaker acquired or procured under subsection (a), including costs relating to— (A)  vessel maintenance, construction, operations, and crewing other than the science party; and 
 (B)  making such icebreaker capable of conducting the research described in subsection (c), including design, procurement of laboratory space and equipment, and modification of living quarters. 
 
 (3)  Responsibility of under secretary .— The Under Secretary shall be responsible for costs related to— (A)  the science party; 
 (B)  the scientific mission; and 
 (C)  other scientific assets and equipment that augment such icebreaker beyond full operational capacity as determined by the Under Secretary and Commandant. 
 
 (4)  Memorandum of agreement .— The Commandant and the Under Secretary shall enter into a memorandum of agreement to facilitate science activities, data collection, and other procedures necessary to meet the requirements of this section. 
 
 (e)  Deadline. Restriction and Briefing .— Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall brief the appropriate congressional committees with respect to available icebreaker acquired or procured under subsection (a) on— (1)  a proposed concept of operations of such icebreaker; 
 (2)  Cost estimate. a detailed cost estimate for such icebreaker, including estimated costs for acquisition, modification, shoreside infrastructure, crewing, and maintaining such an icebreaker by year for the estimated service life of such icebreaker; and 
 (3)  the expected capabilities of such icebreaker as compared to the capabilities of a fully operational Coast Guard built Polar Security Cutter for each year in which such an icebreaker is anticipated to serve in lieu of such a cutter and the projected annual costs to achieve such anticipated capabilities. 
 
 (f)  Interim Report .— Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and not later than every 90 days thereafter until any available icebreaker acquired or procured under subsection (a) has reached full operational capability, the Commandant shall provide to the appropriate Committees of Congress an interim report of the status and progress of all elements under subsection (d). 136 STAT. 4023 
 (g)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in this section shall effect acquisitions of vessels by the Under Secretary. 
 (h)  Savings Clause .— (1)  In general .— Any operations necessary for the saving of life or property at sea, response to environmental pollution, national security, defense readiness, or other missions as determined by the Commandant shall take priority over any scientific or economic missions under subsection (c). 
 (2)  Augmentation .— Any available icebreaker acquired or procured under subsection (a) shall augment the Coast Guard mission in the Arctic, including by conducting operations and missions that are in addition to missions conducted by the Coast Guard Cutter  Healy  (WAGB 20) in the region. 
 
 (i)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
 (2)  Arctic .— The term “ Arctic ” has the meaning given such term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 ( 15 U.S.C. 4111 ). 
 (3)  Available icebreaker .— The term “ available icebreaker ” means a vessel that— (A)  is capable of— (i)  supplementing United States Coast Guard polar icebreaking capabilities in the Arctic region of the United States; 
 (ii)  projecting United States sovereignty; 
 (iii)  ensuring a continuous operational capability in the Arctic region of the United States; 
 (iv)  carrying out the primary duty of the Coast Guard described in  section 103(7) of title 14, United States Code ; and 
 (v)  collecting hydrographic, environmental, and climate data; and 
 
 (B)  is documented with a coastwise endorsement under  chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code . 
 
 (4)  Under secretary .— The term “ Under Secretary ” means the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. 
 
 (j)  Sunset .— The authority under subsections (a) through (c) shall expire on the date that is 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act.