SEC. 11208.  14 USC 504 note . PILOT PROJECT FOR ENHANCING COAST GUARD CUTTER READINESS THROUGH CONDITION-BASED MAINTENANCE. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall conduct a pilot project to enhance cutter readiness and reduce lost patrol days through the deployment of condition-based program standards for cutter maintenance, in accordance with the criteria set forth in subsection (b). 
 (b)  Criteria for Condition-Based Maintenance Evaluation .— In conducting the pilot project under subsection (a), the Commandant, in cooperation with government and industry partners, shall— (1)  select at least 1 class of cutters under construction with respect to which the application of the pilot project would enhance readiness; 
 (2)  use condition-based program standards which incorporate artificial, intelligence, prognostic based maintenance planning; 
 (3)  create and model a full ship digital twin for the cutters selected under paragraph (1); 136 STAT. 4012 
 (4)  install or modify instrumentation capable of producing full hull, mechanical, and electrical data necessary to analyze cutter operational conditions with active maintenance alerts; and 
 (5)  evaluate and weight efficacy of potential emergent repairs as well as planned depot maintenance activities. 
 
 (c)  Consideration .— Prior to developing the pilot project in this section, the Commandant shall evaluate commercially available products, technology, applications, standards, and technology for development and implementation of the pilot program. 
 (d)  Report to Congress .— The Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives— (1)  an interim report not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act on the progress in carrying out the pilot project described in subsection (a); and 
 (2)  a final report not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act on the results of the pilot project described in subsection (a) that includes— (A)  options to integrate condition-based program standards with prognostic based maintenance planning to Coast Guard cutters; and 
 (B)  Plans. plans to deploy condition-based program standards with prognostic based maintenance planning to Coast Guard cutters.