“SEC. 209.  16 USC 6408 . EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE. “(a)  In General .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, from funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations under section 215, the Administrator may provide emergency assistance to any covered State or coral reef stewardship partnership to respond to immediate harm to coral reefs or coral reef ecosystems arising from any of the exigent circumstances described in subsection (b). 
 “(b)  List. Criteria. Coral Reef Exigent Circumstances .— The Administrator shall develop a list of, and criteria for, circumstances that pose an exigent threat to coral reefs, including— “(1)  new and ongoing outbreaks of disease; 
 “(2)  new and ongoing outbreaks of invasive or nuisance species; 
 “(3)  new and ongoing coral bleaching events; 
 “(4)  natural disasters; 
 “(5)  industrial or mechanical incidents, such as vessel groundings, hazardous spills, or coastal construction accidents; and 
 “(6)  such other circumstances as the Administrator determines appropriate. 
 
 “(c)  Annual Report on Exigent Circumstances .— On February 1 of each year, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that— “(1)  describes locations with exigent circumstances described in subsection (b) that were considered but declined for emergency assistance, and the rationale for the decision; and 
 “(2)  with respect to each instance in which emergency assistance under this section was provided— “(A)  the location and a description of the exigent circumstances that prompted the emergency assistance, the entity that received the assistance, and the current and expected outcomes from the assistance; 
 “(B)  a description of activities of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that were curtailed as a result of providing the emergency assistance; and 
 “(C)  Assessment. Recommenda- tions. Cost estimate. an assessment of whether further action is needed to restore the affected coral reef, recommendations for such  136 STAT. 3941 
restoration, and a cost estimate to implement such recommendations.