“SEC. 2985.  INTEGRATED NATURAL RESOURCES MANAGEMENT PLAN. “(a)  Preparation Required .— “(1)  Update. Preparation; deadline .— Within 2 years after the date of enactment of this subtitle, the Secretary of the Navy shall update the current integrated natural resources management plan for the land withdrawn and reserved by section 2981. 
 “(2)  Coordination .— The Secretary of the Navy shall prepare the integrated natural resources management plan in coordination with the Secretary of the Interior, the State of Nevada, Churchill County, Nevada, other impacted counties in the State of Nevada, and affected Indian tribes. 
 
 “(b)  Resolution of Conflicts .— “(1)  In general .— Any disagreement among the parties referred to in subsection (a) concerning the contents or implementation of the integrated natural resources management plan prepared under that subsection or an amendment to the management plan shall be resolved by the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Interior, and the State of Nevada, acting through— “(A)  the State Director of the Nevada State Office of the Bureau of Land Management; 
 “(B)  the Commanding Officer of Naval Air Station Fallon, Nevada; 
 “(C)  the State Director of the Nevada Department of Wildlife; 
 “(D)  if appropriate, the Regional Director of the Pacific Southwest Region of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service; and 
 “(E)  if appropriate, the Regional Director of the Western Region of the Bureau of Indian Affairs. 
 
 “(2)  Consultation .— Prior to the resolution of any conflict under paragraph (1), the Secretary of the Navy shall consult with the Intergovernmental Executive Committee in accordance with section 3011(a)(5) of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 ( title XXX of Public Law 106–65 ;  113 Stat. 885 ;  134 Stat. 4349 ). 
 
 “(c)  Elements of Plan .— Subject to subsection (b), the integrated natural resources management plan under subsection (a)— 136 STAT. 3021 “(1)  shall be prepared and implemented in accordance with the Sikes Act ( 16 U.S.C. 670 et seq. ); 
 “(2)  shall include provisions for— “(A)  proper management and protection of the natural resources of the land; and 
 “(B)  sustainable use by the public of such resources to the extent consistent with the military purposes for which the land is withdrawn and reserved; 
 
 “(3)  shall coordinate access with the Nevada Department of Wildlife to manage hunting, fishing, and trapping on the land where compatible with the military mission; 
 “(4)  shall provide for livestock grazing and agricultural out-leasing on the land, if appropriate— “(A)  in accordance with  section 2667 of title 10, United States Code ; and 
 “(B)  at the discretion of the Secretary of the Navy; 
 
 “(5)  shall identify current test and target impact areas and related buffer or safety zones on the land; 
 “(6)  shall provide that the Secretary of the Navy— “(A)  shall take necessary actions to prevent, suppress, manage, and rehabilitate brush and range fires occurring on land withdrawn or owned within the Fallon Range Training Complex and fires resulting from military activities outside the withdrawn or owned land of the Fallon Range Training Complex; and 
 “(B)  notwithstanding  section 2465 of title 10, United States Code — “(i)  may obligate funds appropriated or otherwise available to the Secretary of the Navy to enter into memoranda of understanding, cooperative agreements, and contracts for fire management; and 
 “(ii)  Reimbursement. shall reimburse the Secretary of the Interior for costs incurred under this paragraph; 
 
 
 “(7)  shall provide that all gates, fences, and barriers constructed after the date of enactment of this subtitle shall be designed and erected, to the maximum extent practicable and consistent with military security, safety, and sound wildlife management use, to allow for wildlife access; 
 “(8)  if determined appropriate by the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Interior, and the State of Nevada after review of any existing management plans applicable to the land, shall incorporate the existing management plans; 
 “(9)  Procedures. shall include procedures to ensure that— “(A)  Reviews. the periodic reviews of the integrated natural resources management plan required by the Sikes Act ( 16 U.S.C. 670 et seq. ) are conducted jointly by the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Interior, and the State of Nevada; and 
 “(B)  affected counties and affected Indian tribes and the public are provided a meaningful opportunity to comment on any substantial revisions to the plan that may be proposed pursuant to such a review; 
 
 “(10)  Procedures. shall provide procedures to amend the integrated natural resources management plan as necessary; 
 “(11)  shall allow access to, and ceremonial use of, Tribal sacred sites to the extent consistent with the military purposes  136 STAT. 3022 
for which the land is withdrawn and reserved by section 2981(a); and 
 “(12)  Consultation. shall provide for timely consultation with affected Indian tribes.