SEC. 2806.  SUPERVISION OF LARGE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. (a)  Supervision of Large Military Construction Projects .— Section 2851 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  subsection (d) as subsection (e); and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after subsection (c) the following new subsection: “(d)  Report on Supervision of Large Military Construction Projects .— Before the award of a contract of a value greater than $500,000,000 in connection with a military construction project, the individual directing and supervising such military construction project under subsection (a) or the individual designated pursuant to subsection (b) (as applicable) shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the intended supervision, inspection, and overhead plan to manage such military construction project. Each such report shall include the following: “(1)  Determination. A determination of the overall funding intended to manage the supervision, inspection, and overhead of the military construction project. 
 “(2)  Assessment. An assessment of whether a Department of Defense Field Activity directly reporting to such individual should be established. 
 “(3)  A description of the quality assurance approach to the military construction project. 
 “(4)  The independent cost estimate described in section 3221(b)(6)(A) of this title. 
 “(5)  The overall staffing approach to oversee the military construction project for each year of the contract term.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  Conforming Amendment to Duties of the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation .— Section 3221(b)(6)(A) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in clause (iii), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; and 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following new clause: “(v)  any decision to enter into a contract in connection with a military construction project of a value greater than $500,000,000; and” 
 . 
 
 (c)  10 USC 2851 note . Applicability .— This section and the amendments made by this section shall apply to contracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.