SEC. 2812.  10 USC 2802 note . DETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION RELATING TO EXECUTIVE ORDERS THAT IMPACT COST AND SCOPE OF WORK OF MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. (a)  Deadline. President. Determination and Update of Form 1391 .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which an Executive order is signed by the President, the Secretary concerned shall— (1)  determine whether implementation of the Executive order would cause a cost or scope of work variation for a military construction project under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned; 
 (2)  Assessment. assess the potential for life-cycle cost savings associated with implementation of the Executive order for such a project; and 
 (3)  Update. update the Department of Defense Form 1391 for each such project that has not been submitted for congressional  136 STAT. 2998 
consideration, where such implementation would affect such cost or scope of work variation, including— (A)  projects to be commenced in the next fiscal year beginning after the date on which the Executive order was signed; and 
 (B)  projects covered by the future-years defense program submitted under  section 221 of title 10, United States Code . 
 
 
 (b)  Reports. Notification to Congress .— Not later than 10 days after determining under subsection (a)(1) that implementation of an Executive order would cause a cost or scope of work variation for a military construction project, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report indicating the estimated cost increases, scope of work increases, life-cycle costs, and any other impacts of such implementation. 
 (c)  Certification .— Along with the submission to Congress of the budget of the President for a fiscal year under  section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code , each Secretary concerned shall certify to Congress that each Department of Defense Form 1391 provided to Congress for that fiscal year for a military construction project has been updated with any cost or scope of work variation specified in subsection (a)(1) with respect to an Executive order signed during the four-year period preceding such certification, including an indication of any cost increases for such project that is directly attributable to such Executive order. 
 (d)  Secretary Concerned Defined .— In this section, the term “ Secretary concerned ” has the meaning given that term in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code .