SEC. 224.  10 USC 8013 note . PILOT PROGRAM TO SUPPORT THE DEVELOPMENT OF PATENTABLE INVENTIONS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of the Navy may carry out a pilot program to expand the support available to covered personnel who seek to engage in the development of patentable inventions that— (1)  have applicablity to the job-related functions of such personnel; and 
 (2)  may have applicability in the civilian sector. 
 
 (b)  Activities .— As part of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Navy may— (1)  expand outreach to covered personnel regarding the availability of patent-related training, legal assistance, and other support for personnel interested in developing patentable inventions; 
 (2)  expand the availability of patent-related training to covered personnel, including by making such training available online; 
 (3)  Guidance. clarify and issue guidance detailing how covered personnel, including personnel outside of the laboratories and other research organizations of the Department of the Navy, may— (A)  seek and receive support for the development of patentable inventions; and 
 (B)  receive a portion of any royalty or other payment as an inventor or coinventor such as may be due under section 14(a)(1)(A)(i) of the Stevension-Wylder Technology Innovation Act of 1980 ( 15 U.S.C. 3710c(a)(1)(A)(i) ); and 
 
 (4)  carry out other such activities as the Secretary determines appropriate in accordance with the purposes of the pilot program. 136 STAT. 2484 
 
 (c)  Termination .— The authority to carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered personnel ” means members of the Navy and Marine Corps and civilian employees of the Department of the Navy, including members and employees whose primary duties do not involve research and development. 
 (2)  The term “ patentable invention ” means an invention that is patentable under  title 35, United States Code .