SEC. 242.  STUDY AND REPORT ON SUFFICIENCY OF OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION RESOURCES SUPPORTING CERTAIN MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. (a)  Determination. Study .— The Director of Operational Test and Evaluation of the Department of Defense shall conduct a study of at least one major defense acquisition program within each covered Armed Force to determine the sufficiency of the operational test and evaluation resources supporting such program. 136 STAT. 2498 
 (b)  Determinations. Elements .— The study under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to each major defense acquisition program evaluated as part of the study, the following: (1)  Assessment. Identification and assessment of the operational test and evaluation resources supporting the program— (A)  as of the date of the study; 
 (B)  Time period. during the five-year period preceding the date of the study; and 
 (C)  over the period covered by the most recent future-years defense program submitted to Congress under  section 221 of title 10, United States Code . 
 
 (2)  For any operational test and evaluation resources determined to be insufficient to meet the needs of the program, an evaluation of the amount of additional funding and any other support that may be required to ensure the sufficiency of such resources. 
 (3)  The amount of Government-funded, contractor-provided operational test and evaluation resources— (A)  provided for the program as of the date of the study; and 
 (B)  that are planned to be provided for the program after such date. 
 
 (4)  Such other matters as the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation determines to be relevant to the study. 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered Armed Force ” means the Army, the Navy, the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and the Space Force. 
 (2)  The term “ major defense acquisition program ” has the meaning given that term in  section 4201 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (3)  The term “ operational test and evaluation resources ” means the facilities, specialized test assets, schedule, workforce, and any other resources supporting operational test and evaluation activities under a major defense acquisition program.