SEC. 2902.  16 USC 460gggg . NUMU NEWE SPECIAL MANAGEMENT AREA. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Management plan .— The term “ management plan ” means the management plan for the Special Management Area developed under subsection (d). 
 (2)  Secretary .— The term “ Secretary ” means the Secretary of the Interior. 
 (3)  Special management area .— The term “ Special Management Area ” means the Numu Newe Special Management Area established by subsection (b). 
 
 (b)  Establishment .— To protect, conserve, and enhance the unique and nationally important historic, cultural, archaeological, natural, and educational resources of the Numu Newe traditional homeland, subject to valid existing rights, there is established in Churchill and Mineral Counties, Nevada, the Numu Newe Special Management Area, to be administered by the Secretary. 
 (c)  Area Included .— The Special Management Area shall consist of the approximately 217,845 acres of public land in Churchill and Mineral Counties, Nevada, administered by the Bureau of Land Management, as depicted on the map entitled “Churchill County Proposed Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization and Lands Bill” and dated November 30, 2022. 
 (d)  Management Plan .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop a comprehensive management plan for the long-term management of the Special Management Area. 
 (2)  Consultation .— In developing and implementing the management plan, the Secretary shall consult with— (A)  appropriate Federal, Tribal, State, and local governmental entities; and 
 (B)  interested members of the public. 
 
 (3)  Requirements .— The management plan shall— (A)  describe the appropriate uses of the Special Management Area; 
 (B)  with respect to any land within the Special Management Area that is withdrawn and reserved for military  136 STAT. 3034 
uses, ensure that management of the Special Management Area is consistent with the purposes under section 2981(c)(2) of the Military Land Withdrawals Act of 2013 (as added by section 2901 of this title) for which the land is withdrawn and reserved; 
 (C)  authorize the use of motor vehicles in the Special Management Area, where appropriate, including providing for the maintenance of existing roads; 
 (D)  incorporate any provision of an applicable land and resource management plan that the Secretary considers to be appropriate; 
 (E)  ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, the protection and preservation of traditional cultural and religious sites within the Special Management Area; 
 (F)  to the maximum extent practicable, carefully and fully integrate the traditional and historical knowledge and special expertise of the Fallon Paiute Shoshone Tribe and other affected Indian tribes; 
 (G)  consistent with subparagraph (D), ensure public access to Federal land within the Special Management Area for hunting, fishing, and other recreational purposes; 
 (H)  not affect the allocation, ownership, interest, or control, as in existence on the date of enactment of this Act, of any water, water right, or any other valid existing right; and 
 (I)  be reviewed not less frequently than annually by the Secretary to ensure the management plan is meeting the requirements of this section. 
 
 
 (e)  Military Overflights .— Nothing in this section restricts or precludes— (1)  low-level overflights of military aircraft over the Special Management Area, including military overflights that can be seen or heard within the Special Management Area; 
 (2)  flight testing and evaluation; or 
 (3)  the designation or creation of new units of special use airspace, or the establishment of military flight training routes, over the Special Management Area.