“SEC. 2982.  MANAGEMENT OF WITHDRAWN AND RESERVED LAND. “(a)  Management by the Secretary of the Navy .— During the duration of the withdrawal under section 2981, the Secretary of the Navy shall manage the land withdrawn and reserved comprising the B–16, B–17, B–19, and B–20 Ranges for the purposes described in section 2981(c)— “(1)  in accordance with— “(A)  an integrated natural resources management plan prepared and implemented under title I of the Sikes Act ( 16 U.S.C. 670a et seq. ); 
 “(B)  a written agreement between the Secretary of the Navy and the Governor of Nevada that provides for a minimum of 15 days annually for big game hunting on portions of the B–17 Range consistent with military training requirements; 
 “(C)  a programmatic agreement between the Secretary of the Navy and the Nevada State Historic Preservation Officer and other parties, as appropriate, regarding management of historic properties as the properties relate to operation, maintenance, training, and construction at the Fallon Range Training Complex; 
 “(D)  written agreements between the Secretary of the Navy and affected Indian tribes and other stakeholders to accommodate access by Indian tribes and State and local governments to the B–16, B–17, B–19, and B–20 Ranges consistent with military training requirements and public safety; 
 “(E)  a written agreement entered into by the Secretary of the Navy and affected Indian tribes that provides for regular, guaranteed access, consisting of a minimum of 4 days per month, for affected Indian tribes; and 
 “(F)  any other applicable law; and 
 
 “(2)  in a manner that— “(A)  provides that any portion of the land withdrawn by section 2981(a) that is located outside of the Weapons Danger Zone, as determined by the Secretary of the Navy, shall be relinquished to the Secretary of the Interior and managed under all applicable public land laws; 
 “(B)  ensures that the Secretary of the Navy avoids target placement and training within— “(i)  biologically sensitive areas, as mapped in the Record of Decision for the Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization Final Environmental Impact Statement dated March 12, 2020; and 
 “(ii)  to the maximum extent practicable, areas that have cultural, religious, and archaeological resources of importance to affected Indian tribes; 
 
 “(C)  ensures that access is provided for special events, administrative, cultural, educational, wildlife management, and emergency management purposes; and 136 STAT. 3018 
 “(D)  provides that within the B–17 Range the placement of air to ground ordnance targets shall be prohibited throughout the entirety of the withdrawal in the areas identified as the ‘Monte Cristo Range Protection Area’ on the map entitled ‘Churchill County Proposed Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization and Lands Bill’ and dated November 30, 2022. 
 
 
 “(b)  Management by the Secretary of the Interior .— “(1)  In general .— During the duration of the withdrawal under section 2981, the Secretary of the Interior shall manage the land withdrawn and reserved comprising the Dixie Valley Training Area and the Shoal Site for the applicable purposes described in section 2981(c) in accordance with— “(A)  the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 ( 43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. ); 
 “(B)  the Record of Decision for the Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization Final Environmental Impact Statement dated March 12, 2020; 
 “(C)  this subtitle; and 
 “(D)  any other applicable law. 
 
 “(2)  Consultation with secretary of the navy .— Prior to authorizing any use of the land comprising the Dixie Valley Training Area or Shoal Site withdrawn and reserved by section 2981, the Secretary of the Interior shall consult with the Secretary of the Navy. Such consultation shall include— “(A)  informing the Secretary of the Navy of the pending authorization request so that the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior may work together to preserve the training environment; and 
 “(B)  prior to authorizing any installation or use of mobile or stationary equipment used to transmit and receive radio signals, obtaining permission from the Secretary of the Navy to authorize the use of such equipment. 
 
 “(3)  Agreement .— The Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior shall enter into an agreement describing the roles and responsibilities of each Secretary with respect to the management and use of the Dixie Valley Training Area and Shoal Site to ensure no closure of an existing county road and no restrictions or curtailment on public access for the duration of the withdrawal while preserving the training environment and in accordance with this subsection. 
 “(4)  Access .— The land comprising the Dixie Valley Training Area withdrawn and reserved by section 2981(a)(2) shall remain open for public access for the duration of the withdrawal. 
 “(5)  Authorized uses .— Subject to applicable laws and policy, the following uses are permitted in the Dixie Valley Training Area for the duration of the withdrawal: “(A)  Livestock grazing. 
 “(B)  Geothermal exploration and development west of State Route 121, as managed by the Bureau of Land Management in coordination with the Secretary of the Navy. 
 “(C)  Exploration and development of salable minerals or other fluid or leasable minerals, as managed by the Bureau of Land Management in coordination with the Secretary of the Navy. 136 STAT. 3019 
 
 “(6)  Infrastructure .— The Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior shall allow water and utility infrastructure within the Dixie Valley Training Area withdrawn by section 2981(a)(2) as described in sections 2995(a)(4) and 2996. 
 
 “(c)  Limitation on Use of Land Prior to Completion of Commitments .— “(1)  Certification. In general .— The Secretary of the Navy shall not make operational use of the expanded area of the B–16, B–17, or B–20 Ranges, as depicted on the map entitled ‘Churchill County Proposed Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization and Lands Bill’ and dated November 30, 2022, that were not subject to previous withdrawals comprising the Fallon Range Training Complex which are withdrawn and reserved by section 2981 until the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior certify in writing to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives on the completion of the commitments pertaining to each range from the Record of Decision for the Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization Final Environmental Impact Statement dated March 12, 2020, and the provisions of this subtitle. The Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior may submit certifications for individual ranges to allow operational use of a specific range prior to completion of commitments related to other ranges. 
 “(2)  Public access .— Public access to the existing Pole Line Road shall be maintained until completion of construction of an alternate route as specified by section 2991(a)(2)(B). 
 “(3)  Deadline. Payment .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle, subject to the availability of appropriations, from amounts appropriated to the Secretary of the Navy for operation and maintenance, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer to Churchill County, Nevada, $20,000,000 for deposit in an account designated by Churchill County, Nevada, to resolve the loss of public access and multiple use within Churchill County, Nevada.