SEC. 324.  10 USC note  prec. 2922. PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL. (a)  Pilot Program Required .— (1)  In general .— Subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a pilot program on the use of sustainable aviation fuel by the Department of Defense (in this section referred to as the “pilot program”). 
 (2)  Design of program .— The pilot program shall be designed to— (A)  identify any logistical challenges with respect to the use of sustainable aviation fuel by the Department; 
 (B)  promote understanding of the technical and performance characteristics of sustainable aviation fuel when used in a military setting; and 
 (C)  engage nearby commercial airports to explore opportunities and challenges to partner on the increased use of sustainable aviation fuel. 
 
 
 (b)  Selection of Facilities .— (1)  Selection .— (A)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall select not fewer than two geographically diverse facilities of the Department at which to carry out the pilot program. 
 (B)  Onsite refinery .— Not fewer than one facility selected under subparagraph (A) shall be a facility with an onsite refinery that is located in proximity to not fewer than one major commercial airport that is also actively seeking to increase the use of sustainable aviation fuel. 
 
 (2)  Notice to congress .— Upon the selection of each facility under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees notice of the selection, including an identification of the facility selected. 
 
 (c)  Use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel .— (1)  Deadlines. Plans .— For each facility selected under subsection (b), not later than one year after the selection of the facility, the Secretary shall— (A)  develop a plan on how to implement, by September 30, 2028, a target of exclusively using at the facility aviation fuel that is blended to contain not less than 10 percent sustainable aviation fuel; 
 (B)  submit the plan developed under subparagraph (A) to the appropriate congressional committees; and 136 STAT. 2517 
 (C)  Briefing. provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on such plan that includes, at a minimum— (i)  a description of any operational, infrastructure, or logistical requirements, and recommendations, for the blending and use of sustainable aviation fuel; and 
 (ii)  a description of any stakeholder engagement in the development of the plan, including any consultations with nearby commercial airport owners or operators. 
 
 
 (2)  Time period. Requirements. Implementation of plans .— For each facility selected under subsection (b), during the period beginning on a date that is not later than September 30, 2028, and for five years thereafter, the Secretary shall require, in accordance with the respective plan developed under paragraph (1), the exclusive use at the facility of aviation fuel that is blended to contain not less than 10 percent sustainable aviation fuel. 
 
 (d)  Criteria for Sustainable Aviation Fuel .— Sustainable aviation fuel used under the pilot program shall meet the following criteria: (1)  Such fuel shall be produced in the United States from domestic feedstock sources. 
 (2)  Such fuel shall constitute drop-in fuel that meets all specifications and performance requirements of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces. 
 
 (e)  Waiver .— The Secretary may waive the use of sustainable aviation fuel at a facility under the pilot program if the Secretary— (1)  Determination. determines such use is not feasible due to a lack of domestic availability of sustainable aviation fuel or a national security contingency; and 
 (2)  Notice. submits to the congressional defense committees notice of such waiver and the reasons for such waiver. 
 
 (f)  Final Report .— (1)  In general .— At the conclusion of the pilot program, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a final report on the pilot program. 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. Elements .— The report under paragraph (1) shall include each of the following: (A)  Assessment. An assessment of the effect of using sustainable aviation fuel on the overall fuel costs of blended fuel. 
 (B)  A description of any operational, infrastructure, or logistical requirements, and recommendations, for the blending and use of sustainable aviation fuel, with a focus on scaling up adoption of such fuel throughout the Armed Forces. 
 (C)  Recommendations with respect to how military installations can leverage proximity to commercial airports and other jet fuel consumers to increase the rate of use of sustainable aviation fuel, for both military and non-military use, including potential collaboration on innovative financing or purchasing and shared supply chain infrastructure. 
 (D)  A description of the effects on performance and operation of aircraft using sustainable aviation fuel, including— (i)  if used, considerations of various blending ratios and the associated benefits thereof; 136 STAT. 2518 
 (ii)  efficiency and distance improvements of flights using sustainable aviation fuel; 
 (iii)  weight savings on large transportation aircraft and other types of aircraft by using blended fuel with higher concentrations of sustainable aviation fuel; 
 (iv)  maintenance benefits of using sustainable aviation fuel, including with respect to engine longevity; 
 (v)  the effect of the use of sustainable aviation fuel on emissions and air quality; 
 (vi)  the effect of the use of sustainable aviation fuel on the environment and on surrounding communities, including environmental justice factors that are created by the demand for and use of sustainable aviation fuel by the Department of Defense; and 
 (vii)  benefits with respect to job creation in the sustainable aviation fuel production and supply chain. 
 
 
 
 (g)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (A)  The Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
 (B)  The Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
 
 (2)  The term “ sustainable aviation fuel ” has the meaning given such term in section 40007(e) of the Act titled ‘An Act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of S. Con. Res. 14’ ( Public Law 117–169 ).