SEC. 360.  INDEPENDENT STUDY RELATING TO FUEL DISTRIBUTION LOGISTICS ACROSS UNITED STATES INDO-PACIFIC COMMAND. (a)  Deadline. Contracts. Study .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center that meets the criteria under subsection (b) to conduct a study on fuel distribution logistics in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 (b)  Criteria for FFRDC .— The criteria under this subsection are the following: (1)  A primary focus on the conduct of studies and analysis. 
 (2)  A demonstrated record of conducting research and analysis using a multidisciplinary approach. 
 (3)  A strong reputation for publishing publicly releasable analysis to inform public debate. 
 
 (c)  IDA Strategic Fuel Assessment .— In conducting the study pursuant to a contract under subsection (a), the federally funded research and development center shall use the results of the July 1, 2020, report of the Institute for Defense Analyses titled “INDOPACOM Strategic Fuel Assessment” as a baseline to inform its analysis of fuel distribution logistics in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 (d)  Assessments. Elements .— A contract under subsection (a) shall provide that a study conducted under the contract shall include, with respect to the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, the following: (1)  Evaluation. An evaluation of the vulnerabilities associated with the production, refinement, and distribution of fuel by the Armed Forces during periods of conflict and in contested logistics environments within the area, including with respect to the capability of the Armed Forces to sustain operational flights by aircraft and joint force distributed operations. 
 (2)  An assessment of potential adversary capabilities to disrupt such fuel distribution in the area through a variety of means, including financial means, cyber means, and conventional kinetic attacks. 136 STAT. 2538 
 (3)  An assessment of any gaps in the capability or capacity of inter- or intra-theater fuel distribution, including any gaps relating to storage, transfer platforms, manning for platforms, command and control, or fuel handling. 
 (4)  Evaluation. An evaluation of the positioning of defense fuel support points in the area, including with respect to operational suitability and vulnerability to a variety of kinetic threats. 
 (5)  Review. An assessment of the readiness of allies and partners of the United States to support the supply, storage, and distribution of fuel by the Armed Forces in the area, including a review of any relevant security cooperation agreements entered into between the United States and such allies and partners. 
 (6)  An assessment of potential actions to mitigate any vulnerabilities identified pursuant to the study. 
 
 (e)  Report .— (1)  Submission to secretary of defense .— (A)  Requirement. In general .— A contract under subsection (a) shall provide that a study conducted under the contract shall require that the federally funded research and development center submit to the Secretary a report containing the findings of such study. 
 (B)  Form .— The report under subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in an unclassified and publicly releasable form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (2)  Records. Submission to congress .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the report under paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a copy of such report, submitted without change. 
 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
 
 (2)  The term “ contested logistics environment ” has the meaning given such term in  section 2926 of title 10, United States Code .