SEC. 328.  LIMITATION ON REPLACEMENT OF NON-TACTICAL VEHICLE FLEET OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE WITH ELECTRIC VEHICLES, ADVANCED-BIOFUEL-POWERED VEHICLES, OR HYDROGEN-POWERED VEHICLES. (a)  Contracts. In General .— Until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate the report described in subsection (b), the Secretary may not enter into an indefinite delivery-indefinite quantity delivery order contract to procure and replace the existing  136 STAT. 2520 
non-tactical vehicle fleet of the Department of Defense with electric vehicles, advanced-biofuel-powered vehicles, or hydrogen-powered vehicles. 
 (b)  Reports. Assessments. Elements .— The report described in this subsection shall include the following: (1)  Cost estimates. A cost estimate for the procurement by the Secretary of Defense, or through contract mechanisms used by the Department (such as energy savings performance contracts), of electric non-tactical vehicles to replace the existing non-tactical vehicle fleet of the Department, which shall include— (A)  an estimated cost per unit and number of units to be procured of each type of electric non-tactical vehicle (such as trucks, buses, and vans); 
 (B)  the cost associated with building the required infrastructure to support electric non-tactical vehicles, including charging stations and electric grid requirements; 
 (C)  a lifecycle cost comparison between electric vehicles and combustion engine vehicles of each type (such as an electric truck versus a conventional truck); 
 (D)  maintenance requirements of electric vehicles compared to combustion engine vehicles; and 
 (E)  Time periods. for each military department, a cost comparison over periods of three, five, and 10 years of pursuing an electric non-tactical vehicle fleet versus continuing with combustion engine non-tactical vehicles. 
 
 (2)  An assessment of the current and projected supply chain shortfalls, including critical minerals, for electric vehicles and combustion engine vehicles. 
 (3)  An assessment of the security risks associated with data collection conducted with respect to electric vehicles, combustion engine vehicles, and the related computer systems for each. 
 (4)  An assessment of the current range requirements for electric vehicles compared to combustion engine vehicles and the average life of vehicles of the Department necessary to maintain current readiness requirements of the Department. 
 (5)  China. An identification of components for electric non-tactical vehicles, advanced-biofuel-powered vehicles, hydrogen-powered vehicles, and combustion engine vehicles that are currently being sourced from the People’s Republic of China. 
 (6)  An assessment of the mid- and long-term costs and benefits to the Department of falling behind industry trends related to the adoption of alternative fuel vehicles including electric vehicles, hydrogen-powered vehicles, and advanced-biofuel-powered vehicles. 
 (7)  An assessment of the long-term availability to the Department of internal combustion engines and spare parts for such engines, including whether or not such engines and spare parts will be manufactured in the United States or repairable with parts made in the United States and labor in the United States. 
 (8)  An assessment of the relative risks associated with parking and storing electric vehicles, hydrogen-powered vehicles, advanced-biofuel-powered vehicles, and combustion engine vehicles inside parking structures, including fire risk and water damage. 136 STAT. 2521 
 
 (c)  10 USC 2922g note . Additional Prohibition .— None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to procure non-tactical vehicles that are electric vehicles, advanced-biofuel-powered vehicles, or hydrogen-powered vehicles, or any components or spare parts associated with such vehicles, that are not in compliance with subpart 22.15 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (or any successor regulations). 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ advanced-biofuel-powered vehicle ” includes a vehicle that uses a fuel described in section 9001(3)(A) of the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2202 ( 7 U.S.C. 8101(3)(A) ). 
 (2)  The term “ charging station ” means a parking space with electric vehicle supply equipment that supplies electric energy for the recharging of electric vehicles with at least a level two charger. 
 (3)  The term “ electric grid requirements ” means the power grid and infrastructure requirements needed to support plug-in electric vehicles and vehicle-to-grid requirements. 
 (4)  The term “ electric non-tactical vehicle ” means a non-tactical vehicle that is an electric vehicle. 
 (5)  The terms “electric vehicle” includes— (A)  a plug-in hybrid electric vehicle that uses a combination of electric and gas powered engine that can use either gasoline or electricity as a fuel source; and 
 (B)  a plug-in electric vehicle that runs solely on electricity and does not contain an internal combustion engine or gas tank. 
 
 (6)  The term “ hydrogen-powered vehicle ” means a vehicle that uses hydrogen as the main source of motive power, either through a fuel cell or internal combustion. 
 (7)  The term “ non-tactical vehicle ” means a vehicle other than a tactical vehicle. 
 (8)  The term “ tactical vehicle ” means a motor vehicle designed to military specification, or a commercial design motor vehicle modified to military specification, to provide direct transportation support of combat or tactical operations, or for the training of personnel for such operations.