SEC. 3521.  UNITED STATES MARINE HIGHWAY PROGRAM. (a)  United States Marine Highway Program .— (1)  In general .— Section 55601 of title 46, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows: “§ 55601.  United States marine highway program “(a)  Establishment .— “(1)  In general .— There is in the Department of Transportation a program, to be known as the ‘United States marine highway program’. 136 STAT. 3075 
 “(2)  Additional program activities .— In carrying out the program established under this subsection, the Secretary of Transportation may— “(A)  coordinate with ports, State departments of transportation, localities, other public agencies, and appropriate private sector entities on the development of landside facilities and infrastructure to support marine highway transportation; and 
 “(B)  develop performance measures for the program. 
 
 
 “(b)  Marine Highway Transportation Routes .— “(1)  Designation .— The Secretary may designate a route as a marine highway transportation route, or modify such a designation, if— “(A)  such route— “(i)  provides a coordinated and capable alternative to landside transportation; 
 “(ii)  mitigates or relieves landside congestion; 
 “(iii)  promotes marine highway transportation; or 
 “(iv)  uses vessels documented under chapter 121; and 
 
 “(B)  such designation or modification is requested by— “(i)  the government of a State or territory; 
 “(ii)  a metropolitan planning organization; 
 “(iii)  a port authority; 
 “(iv)  a non-Federal navigation district; or 
 “(v)  a Tribal government. 
 
 
 “(2)  Deadline. Determination .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Maritime Administrator receives a request for the designation or modification of a marine highway route under paragraph (1), the Maritime Administrator shall make a determination of whether to make the requested designation or modification. 
 “(3)  Deadline. Notification .— Not later than 14 days after the date on which the Maritime Administrator makes a determination under paragraph (2), the Maritime Administrator shall notify the requester of the determination. 
 
 “(c)  Map of Marine Highway Program Routes .— “(1)  In general .— The Maritime Public information.  Administrator shall make publicly available a map showing the location of marine highway routes, including such routes along the coasts, in the inland waterways, and at sea and update that map when a marine highway route is designated or modified pursuant to subsection (b). 
 “(2)  Coordination .— The Maritime Administrator shall coordinate with the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to incorporate the map referred to in paragraph (1) into the Marine Cadastre. 
 
 “(d)  Grants. Contracts. Assistance .— “(1)  Determination. In general .— The Secretary may make grants to, or enter into contracts or cooperative agreements with, eligible entities to implement a marine highway transportation project or a component of such a project if the Secretary determines that the project or component— “(A)  meets the criteria referred to in subsection (b)(1)(A); and 
 “(B)  develops, expands, or promotes— “(i)  marine highway transportation; or 136 STAT. 3076 
 “(ii)  shipper use of marine highway transportation. 
 
 
 “(2)  Application .— “(A)  In general .— To be eligible to receive a grant or to enter into a contract or cooperative agreement under this subsection, an eligible entity shall submit to the Secretary an application in such form and manner, and at such time, as the Secretary may require. Such an application shall include the following: “(i)  A comprehensive description of— “(I)  the marine highway route to be served by the marine highway transportation project; 
 “(II)  the supporters of the marine highway transportation project, which may include business affiliations, private sector stakeholders, State departments of transportation, metropolitan planning organizations, municipalities, or other governmental entities (including Tribal governments), as applicable; 
 “(III)  the need for such project; and 
 “(IV)  the performance measure for the marine highway transportation project, such as volumes of cargo or passengers moved, or contribution to environmental mitigation, safety, reduced vehicle miles traveled, or reduced maintenance and repair costs. 
 
 “(ii)  A demonstration, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that— “(I)  the marine highway transportation project is financially viable; and 
 “(II)  the funds or other assistance provided under this subsection will be spent or used efficiently and effectively. 
 
 “(iii)  Such other information as the Secretary may require. 
 
 “(B)  Pre-proposal .— “(i)  In general .— Prior to accepting a full application under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may require that an eligible entity first submit a pre-proposal that contains a brief description of the item referred to in clauses (i) through (iii) of such subparagraph. 
 “(ii)  Deadline. Feedback .— Not later than 30 days after receiving a pre-proposal under clause (i) from an eligible entity, the Secretary shall provide to the eligible entity feedback to encourage or discourage the eligible entity from submitting a full application. An eligible entity may still submit a full application even if that eligible entity is not encouraged to do so after submitting a pre-proposal. 
 
 “(C)  Prohibition .— The Secretary may not require separate applications for project designation and for assistance under this section. 
 “(D)  Grant application feedback .— Following the award of assistance under this subsection for a particular fiscal year, the Secretary may provide feedback to an applicant to help such applicant improve future applications if the feedback is requested by that applicant. 136 STAT. 3077 
 
 “(3)  Timing .— “(A)  Notice of funding opportunity .— The Secretary shall post a notice of funding opportunity regarding grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements under this subsection not more than 60 days after the date of the enactment of the appropriations Act for the fiscal year concerned. 
 “(B)  Awarding of assistance .—  The Secretary shall award grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements under this subsection not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of the appropriations Act for the fiscal year concerned. 
 
 “(4)  Non-federal share .— “(A)  In general .— Except as provided in subparagraph (B), not more than 80 percent of the funding for any project for which funding is provided under this subsection may come from Federal sources. 
 “(B)  Tribal governments and rural areas .— The Secretary may increase the Federal share of funding for the project to an amount above 80 percent in the case of an award of assistance under this subsection— “(i)  to an eligible entity that is a Tribal government; or 
 “(ii)  for a project located in a rural area. 
 
 
 “(5)  Preference for financially viable projects .—  In awarding grants or entering into contracts or cooperative agreements under this subsection, the Secretary shall give a preference to a project or component of a project that presents the most financially viable transportation service and require the lowest percentage of Federal share of the funding. 
 “(6)  Deadline. Treatment of unexpended funds .— Notwithstanding paragraph (3)(B), amounts awarded under this subsection that are not expended by the recipient within five years after obligation of funds or that are returned shall remain available to the Secretary to make grants and enter into contracts and cooperative agreements under this subsection. 
 “(7)  Determination. Conditions on provision of assistance .— The Secretary may not provide assistance to an eligible entity under this subsection unless the Secretary determines that— “(A)  sufficient funding is available to meet the non-Federal share requirement under paragraph (4); 
 “(B)  the marine highway project for which such assistance is provided will be completed without unreasonable delay; and 
 “(C)  the eligible entity has the authority to implement the proposed marine highway project. 
 
 “(8)  Prohibited uses .— Assistance provided under this subsection may not be used— “(A)  to improve port or land-based infrastructure outside the United States; or 
 “(B)  Determination. unless the Secretary determines that such activities are necessary to carry out the marine highway project for which such assistance is provided, to raise sunken vessels, construct buildings or other physical facilities, or acquire land. 136 STAT. 3078 
 
 “(9)  Geographic distribution .— In making grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements under this section the Secretary shall take such measures so as to ensure an equitable geographic distribution of funds. 
 “(10)  Definition. Eligible entity .— In this subsection, the term ‘ eligible entity ’ means— “(A)  a State, a political subdivision of a State, or a local government; 
 “(B)  a United States metropolitan planning organization; 
 “(C)  a United States port authority; 
 “(D)  a Tribal government; or 
 “(E)  a United States private sector operator of marine highway projects or private sector owners of facilities, including an Alaska Native Corporation, with an endorsement letter from the requester of a marine highway route designation or modification referred to in subsection (b)(1)(B).” 
 
 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The analysis for  chapter 556 of title 46, United States Code , is 46 USC  prec. 55601.  amended by  striking  the item relating to section 55601 and  inserting  the following: 
 
 “55601.  
 United States marine highway program.”. 
 
 
 
 (b)  Multistate, State, Tribal, and Regional Transportation Planning .— (1)  In general .— Chapter 556 of title 46, United States Code ,  is amended  by  inserting  after section 55602 the following: “§ 55603. 46 USC 55603 .  Multistate, State, Tribal, and regional transportation planning “(a)  In General .— The Secretary, in consultation with Federal entities, State and local governments, Tribal governments, and appropriate private sector entities, may develop strategies to encourage the use of marine highway transportation for transportation of passengers and cargo. 
 “(b)  Strategies .— If the Secretary develops strategies under subsection (a), the Secretary may— “(1)  assess the extent to which States, local governments, and Tribal governments include marine highway transportation and other marine transportation solutions in transportation planning; 
 “(2)  encourage State and Tribal departments of transportation to develop strategies, where appropriate, to incorporate marine highway transportation, ferries, and other marine transportation solutions for regional and interstate transport of freight and passengers in transportation planning; and 
 “(3)  encourage groups of States, Tribal governments, and multistate transportation entities to determine how marine highways can address congestion, bottlenecks, and other interstate transportation challenges.” 
 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The analysis for  chapter 556 of title 46, United States Code , 46 USC prec. 55601.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 55603 and  inserting  the following: 
 
 “55603.  
 Multistate, State, Tribal, and regional transportation planning.”. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Research on Marine Highway Transportation .— Section 55604 of title 46, United States Code ,  is amended — 136 STAT. 3079 (1)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (1) through (3) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; and 
 (2)  by  inserting  before paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (1), the following new paragraphs: “(1)  the economic effects of marine highway transportation on the United States economy; 
 “(2)  the effects of marine highway transportation, including with respect to the provision of additional transportation options, on rural areas;” 
 . 
 
 (d)  Definitions .— (1)  In general .— Section 55605 of title 46, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows:  “ “§ 55605.  Definitions   “In this chapter: “(1)  The term ‘ marine highway transportation ’ means the carriage by a documented vessel of cargo (including such carriage of cargo and passengers), if such cargo— “(A)  is— “(i)  contained in intermodal cargo containers and loaded by crane on the vessel; 
 “(ii)  loaded on the vessel by means of wheeled technology, including roll-on roll-off cargo; 
 “(iii)  shipped in discrete units or packages that are handled individually, palletized, or unitized for purposes of transportation; 
 “(iv)  bulk, liquid, or loose cargo loaded in tanks, holds, hoppers, or on deck; or 
 “(v)  freight vehicles carried aboard commuter ferry boats; and 
 
 “(B)  is— “(i)  loaded at a port in the United States and unloaded either at another port in the United States or at a port in Canada or Mexico; or 
 “(ii)  loaded at a port in Canada or Mexico and unloaded at a port in the United States. 
 
 
 “(2)  The term “ Tribal government ” means the recognized governing body of any Indian or Alaska Native Tribe, band, nation, pueblo, village, community, component band, or component reservation, individually identified (including parenthetically) in the list published most recently, as of the date of enactment of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023, pursuant to section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 ( 25 U.S.C. 5131 ). 
 “(3)  The term ‘ Alaska Native Corporation ’ has the meaning given the term ‘ Native Corporation ’ under section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1602 ).” 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The analysis for  chapter 556 of title 46, United States Code , 46 USC prec. 55601.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 55605 and  inserting  the following: 
 
 “55605.  
 Definitions.”. 
 
 
 
 (e)  Report on Maritime Highway Transportation in Gulf of Mexico and Puget Sound .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce,  136 STAT. 3080 
Science and Transportation of the Senate a report on opportunities for maritime highway transportation, as that term is defined  section 55605(1) of title 46, United States Code , as amended by this section, in the Gulf of Mexico, Puget Sound, and Salish Sea System by vessels documented under  chapter 121 of title 46, united States Code . 
 (f)  46 USC 55601 note . Deadline for Public Availability of Map .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administration shall make publicly available the map of marine highway program routes required to be made publicly available under subsection (c) of  section 55601 of title 46, United States Code , as amended by this section.