SEC. 327.  10 USC 2911 note . ANALYSIS AND PLAN FOR ADDRESSING HEAT ISLAND EFFECT ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. (a)  Installation Analysis .— Each Secretary of a military department shall conduct an analysis of the military installations under the jurisdiction of that Secretary to assess the extent to which heat islands affect readiness, infrastructure service life, and utilities costs. Each such analysis shall contain each of the following: (1)  Cost estimate. An analysis of how heat islands exacerbate summer heat conditions and necessitate the increased use of air conditioning on the installations, including an estimate of the cost of such increased usage with respect to both utilities costs and shortened service life of air conditioning units. 
 (2)  An assessment of any readiness effects related to heat islands, including the loss of training hours due to black flag conditions, and the corresponding cost of such effects. 
 
 (b)  Plan .— Based on the results of the analyses conducted under subsection (a), the Secretaries of the military departments shall jointly— (1)  develop a plan for mitigating the effects of heat islands at the most severely affected installations, including by increasing tree coverage, installing cool roofs or green roofs, and painting asphalt; and 
 (2)  promulgate best practices enterprise-wide for cost avoidance and reduction of the effects of heat islands. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than September 30, 2024, the Secretaries of the military departments shall jointly provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on— (1)  the findings of each analysis conducted under subsection (a); 
 (2)  the plan developed under subsection (b); and 
 (3)  such other matters as the Secretaries determine appropriate. 
 
 (d)  Heat Island Defined .— The term “ heat island ” means an area with a high concentration of structures (such as building, roads, and other infrastructure) that absorb and re-emit the sun’s heat more than natural landscapes such as forests or bodies of water.