SEC. 345.  10 USC note  prec. 3201. RESTRICTION ON PROCUREMENT OR PURCHASING BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF TURNOUT GEAR FOR FIREFIGHTERS CONTAINING PERFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES OR POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES. (a)  Effective date. Prohibition on Procurement and Purchasing .— Subject to subsection (d), beginning on October 1, 2026, the Secretary of Defense may not enter into a contract to procure or purchase covered personal protective firefighting equipment for use by Federal or civilian firefighters if such equipment contains an intentionally added perfluoroalkyl substance or polyfluoroalkyl substance. 
 (b)  Implementation .— (1)  Inclusion in contracts .— The Secretary of Defense shall include the prohibition under subsection (a) in any contract entered into by the Department of Defense to procure covered personal protective firefighting equipment for use by Federal or civilian firefighters. 136 STAT. 2531 
 (2)  No obligation to test .— In carrying out the prohibition under subsection (a), the Secretary shall not have an obligation to test covered personal protective firefighting equipment to confirm the absence of perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
 
 (c)  Existing Inventory .— Nothing in this section shall impact existing inventories of covered personal protective firefighting equipment. 
 (d)  Availability of Alternatives .— (1)  In general .— The requirement under subsection (a) shall be subject to the availability of sufficiently protective covered personal protective firefighting equipment that does not contain intentionally added perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
 (2)  Determinations. Extension of effective date .— If the Secretary of Defense determines that no sufficiently protective covered personal protective firefighting equipment that does not contain intentionally added perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances is available, the deadline under subsection (a) shall be extended until the Secretary determines that such covered personal protective firefighting equipment is available. 
 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered personal protective firefighting equipment ” means— (A)  any product that provides protection to the upper and lower torso, arms, legs, head, hands, and feet; or 
 (B)  any other personal protective firefighting equipment, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. 
 
 (2)  The term “ perfluoroalkyl substance ” means a man-made chemical of which all of the carbon atoms are fully fluorinated carbon atoms. 
 (3)  The term “ polyfluoroalkyl substance ” means a man-made chemical containing at least one fully fluorinated carbon atom and at least one non-fully fluorinated carbon atom.