SEC. 314.  RENEWAL OF ANNUAL ENVIRONMENTAL AND ENERGY REPORTS OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. (a)  Environmental Report .— Section 2711 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  striking  subsections (a) and (b) and  inserting  the following new subsections: “(a)  Report Required .— Not later than March 31 of each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on progress made by environmental programs of the Department of Defense during the preceding fiscal year. 
 “(b)  Assessments. Elements .— Each report under subsection (a) shall include, for the year covered by the report, the following: “(1)  With respect to environmental restoration activities of the Department of Defense, and for each of the military departments, information on the Defense Environmental Restoration Program under section 2701 of this title, including— “(A)  the total number of sites at which such program was carried out; 
 “(B)  the progress of remediation for sites that have not yet completed cleanup; 
 “(C)  the remaining cost to complete cleanup of known sites; and 
 “(D)  an assessment by the Secretary of Defense of the overall progress of such program. 
 
 “(2)  An assessment by the Secretary of achievements for environmental conservation and planning by the Department. 
 “(3)  An assessment by the Secretary of achievements for environmental compliance by the Department. 
 “(4)  An assessment by the Secretary of achievements for climate resiliency by the Department. 
 “(5)  An assessment by the Secretary of the progress made by the Department in achieving the objectives and goals of the Environmental Technology Program of the Department. 
 
 “(c)  Consolidation .— The Secretary of Defense may consolidate, attach with, or otherwise include in any report required under subsection (a) any annual report or other requirement that is aligned or associated with, or would be better understood if presented as part of a consolidated report addressing environmental restoration, compliance, and resilience.” 
 . 
 (b)  Energy Report .— (1)  In general .— Section 2925 of such title  is amended — (A)  by  amending  the section heading to read as follows: “ Annual report on energy performance, resilience, and readiness of Department of Defense ”; and 136 STAT. 2504 
 (B)  by  striking  subsections (a) and (b) and  inserting  the following new subsections: “(a)  Report Required .— Not later than 240 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the fulfillment during that fiscal year of the authorities and requirements under sections 2688, 2911, 2912, 2920, and 2926 of this title, including progress on energy resilience at military installations and the use of operational energy in combat platforms and at contingency locations. 
 “(b)  Elements .— Each report under subsection (a) shall include the following: “(1)  For the year covered by the report, the following: “(A)  A description of the progress made to achieve the goals of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( Public Law 109–58 ), section 2911(g) of this title, and the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 ( Public Law 110–140 ). 
 “(B)  A description of the energy savings, return on investment, and enhancements to installation mission assurance realized by the fulfillment of the goals described in subparagraph (A). 
 “(C)  A description of and progress toward the energy security, resilience, and performance goals and master planning for the Department of Defense, including associated metrics pursuant to subsections (c) and (d) of section 2911 of this title and requirements under section 2688(g) of this title. 
 “(D)  Evaluation. An evaluation of progress made by the Department in implementing the operational energy strategy of the Department, including the progress of key initiatives and technology investments related to operational energy demand and management. 
 “(E)  Details of the amounts of any funds transferred by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to section 2912 of this title, including a detailed description of the purpose for which such amounts have been used. 
 
 “(2)  Time period. Statistical information on operational energy demands of the Department, in terms of expenditures and consumption, for the preceding five fiscal years, including information on funding made available in regular defense appropriations Acts and any supplemental appropriations Acts. 
 “(3)  Summary. Time periods. A description of each initiative related to the operational energy strategy of the Department and a summary of funds appropriated for each initiative in the previous fiscal year and current fiscal year and requested for each initiative for the next five fiscal years. 
 “(4)  Recommenda- tions. Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate for additional changes in organization or authority within the Department to enable further implementation of the energy strategy and such other comments and recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
 
 “(c)  Classified Form .— If a report under subsection (a) is submitted in classified form, the Secretary of Defense shall, concurrently with such report, submit to the congressional defense committees an unclassified version of the report. 136 STAT. 2505 
 “(d)  Consolidation .— The Secretary of Defense may consolidate, attach with, or otherwise include in any report required under subsection (a) any annual report or other requirement that is aligned or associated with, or would be better understood if presented as part of a consolidated report addressing energy performance, resilience, and readiness.” 
 . 
 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter III of chapter 173 of such title 10 USC prec. 2924.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 2925 and  inserting  the following new item: 
 
 “2925.  
 Annual report on energy performance, resilience, and readiness of Department of Defense.”. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Continuation of Reporting Requirements .— (1)  10 USC 111 note . In general .— Section 1080(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ;  129 Stat. 1000 ;  10 U.S.C. 111 note ) does not apply to the following reports: (A)  The report required to be submitted to Congress under  section 2711 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (B)  The report required to be submitted to Congress under  section 2925 of title 10, United States Code . 
 
 (2)  Conforming repeal .— Section 1061(c) of National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ;  10 U.S.C. 111 note )  is amended  by  striking  paragraphs (51) and (54).