SEC. 347.  REPORT ON CRITICAL PFAS USES; BRIEFINGS ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROCUREMENT OF CERTAIN ITEMS CONTAINING PFOS OR PFOA. (a)  Identification of Critical Uses .— Not later than June 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Defense Critical Supply Chain Task Force and the Chemical and Material Risk Management Program of the Department of Defense, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report outlining the uses of perfluoroalkyl substances and polyfluoroalkyl substances that are  136 STAT. 2532 
critical to the national security of the United States, with a focus on such critical uses in— (1)  the sectors outlined in the February 2022 report of the Department of Defense titled “Securing Defense-Critical Supply Chains”; and 
 (2)  sectors of strategic importance for domestic production and investment to build supply chain resilience, including kinetic capabilities, energy storage and batteries, and microelectronics and semiconductors. 
 
 (b)  Deadline. 10 USC 2701 note . Annual Briefings .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing that includes a description of each of the following: (1)  Steps taken to identify covered items procured by the Department of Defense that contain perfluorooctane sulfonate (PFOS) or perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOA). 
 (2)  Steps taken to identify products and vendors of covered items that do not contain PFOS or PFOA. 
 (3)  Steps taken to limit the procurement by the Department of covered items that contain PFOS or PFOA. 
 (4)  Steps the Secretary intends to take to limit the procurement of covered items that contain PFOS or PFOA. 
 
 (c)  10 USC 2701 note . Covered Item Defined .— In this section, the term “ covered item ” means— (1)  nonstick cookware or cooking utensils for use in galleys or dining facilities; and 
 (2)  upholstered furniture, carpets, and rugs that have been treated with stain-resistant coatings.