SEC. 319.  PROGRAMS OF MILITARY DEPARTMENTS ON REDUCTION OF FUEL RELIANCE AND PROMOTION OF ENERGY-AWARE BEHAVIORS. (a)  Establishment .— Subchapter III of chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code , 10 USC prec. 2924.   is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section (and conforming the table of sections at the beginning of such subchapter accordingly): “§ 2928.   10 USC 2928 . Programs on reduction of fuel reliance and promotion of energy-aware behaviors “(a)  Establishment .— Each Secretary of a military department shall establish a program for the promotion of energy-aware behaviors and the reduction of unnecessary fuel consumption within that military department. 
 “(b)  Goals .— The goals of the programs established under subsection (a) shall be as follows: “(1)  To increase operational energy resiliency. 
 “(2)  To decrease energy-related strategic vulnerabilities and enhance military readiness. 
 “(3)  To integrate sustainability features for new and existing military installations and other facilities of the Department. 
 
 “(c)  Minimum Required Elements .— Under the program of a military department under subsection (a), the Secretary of the military department shall carry out, with respect to the military department, and at a minimum, the following: 136 STAT. 2508 “(1)  The development and implementation of a strategy for the collection and analysis of data on fuel consumption, to identify operational inefficiencies and enable data-driven decision making with respect to fuel logistics and the reduction of fuel consumption. 
 “(2)  The fostering of an energy-aware culture across the military department to reduce fuel consumption, including through— “(A)  the incorporation of energy conservation and resiliency principles into training curricula and other training materials of the military department, including by updating such materials to include information on the effect of energy-aware behaviors on improving readiness and combat capability; and 
 “(B)  the review of standard operating procedures, and other operational manuals and procedures, of the military department, to identify procedures that increase fuel consumption with no operational benefit. 
 
 “(3)  The integration of operational energy factors into the wargaming of the military department and related training activities that involve the modeling of scenarios, in accordance with subsection (d), to provide to participants in such activities realistic data on the risks and challenges relating to operational energy and fuel logistics. 
 “(4)  The implementation of data-driven procedures, operations planning, and logistics, to optimize cargo transport and refueling operations within the military department. 
 
 “(d)  Wargaming Elements .— In integrating operational energy factors into the wargaming and related training activities of a military department under subsection (c)(3), the Secretary of the military department shall seek to ensure that the planning, design, and execution of such activities include— “(1)  coordination with the elements of the military department responsible for fuel and logistics matters, to ensure the modeling of energy demand and network risk during such activities are accurate, taking into account potential shortfalls and the direct and indirect effects of the efforts of foreign adversaries to target fuel supply chains; and 
 “(2)  a focus on improving integrated life-cycle management processes and fuel supply logistics.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  10 USC 2928 note . Deadline for Establishment .— The programs required under  section 2928 of title 10, United States Code , as added by subsection (a), shall be established by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, each Secretary of a military department shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the establishment of the program of the military department required under such section 2928.