SEC. 5507.  22 USC 3356 . FAST-TRACKING SALES TO TAIWAN UNDER FOREIGN MILITARY SALES PROGRAM. (a)  Lists. Preclearance of Certain Foreign Military Sales Items .— (1)  Deadlines. In general .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, and in conjunction with coordinating entities such as the National Disclosure Policy Committee, the Arms Transfer and Technology Release Senior Steering Group, and other appropriate entities, shall compile a list of available and emerging military platforms, technologies, and equipment that are pre-cleared and prioritized for sale and release to Taiwan through the Foreign Military Sales program. 
 (2)  Rules of construction .— (A)  Selection of items .— The list compiled pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not be construed as limiting the type, timing, or quantity of items that may be requested by, or sold to, Taiwan under the Foreign Military Sales program. 
 (B)  Notifications required .— Nothing in this Act may be construed to supersede congressional notification requirements under the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2751  et. seq.). 
 
 
 (b)  Prioritized Processing of Foreign Military Sales Requests From Taiwan .— (1)  Requirement .— The Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall prioritize and expedite the processing of requests from Taiwan under the Foreign Military Sales program, and may not delay the processing of requests for bundling purposes. 
 (2)  Determination. Certification. Duration .— The requirement under paragraph (1) shall continue until the Secretary of State determines and certifies to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives that the threat to Taiwan has significantly abated. 136 STAT. 3302 
 
 (c)  Review. Updates. Interagency Policy .— The Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly review and update interagency policies and implementation guidance related to Foreign Military Sales requests from Taiwan, including incorporating the preclearance provisions of this section.