SEC. 512.  EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY TO SERVE AS AN INSTRUCTOR IN THE JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS. (a)  In General .— Section 2031 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after subsection (e) the following new subsection: “(f) (1)  Instead of, or in addition to, detailing officers and noncommissioned officers on active duty under subsection (c)(1) or authorizing the employment of retired officers and noncommissioned officers under subsection (d) or (e), the Secretary of the military department concerned may authorize qualified institutions to employ as administrators and instructors in the program officers or noncommissioned officers who— “(A) (i)  receive honorable discharges— “(I)  after completing at least eight years of service; and 
 “(II)  not longer than five years before applying for such employment; or 
 
 “(ii) (I)  are in an active status; and 
 “(II)  who are not yet eligible for retired pay; and 
 
 
 “(B)  apply for such employment. 
 
 “(2)  Payments. The Secretary of the military department concerned shall pay to the institution an amount equal to one-half of the amount to be paid to an instructor pursuant to the JROTC Instructor Pay Scale for any period. 
 “(3)  Notwithstanding the limitation in paragraph (2), the Secretary of the military department concerned may pay to the institution more than one-half of the amount paid to the member by the institution if, as determined by such Secretary— “(A)  the institution is in an educationally and economically deprived area; and 
 “(B)  such action is in the national interest. 
 
 “(4)  Payments under this subsection shall be made from funds appropriated for that purpose. 
 “(5)  The Secretary of the military department concerned may require an officer or noncommissioned officer employed under this subsection to transfer to the Individual Ready Reserve as a condition of such employment.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing regarding— 136 STAT. 2565 
 (1)  the number of instructors employed pursuant to the amendment made by subsection (a); and 
 (2)  costs to the Federal Government arising from such employment.