SEC. 5521.  AMENDMENTS TO THE TAIWAN ALLIES INTERNATIONAL PROTECTION AND ENHANCEMENT INITIATIVE (TAIPEI) ACT OF 2019.   The Taiwan Allies International Protection and Enhancement Initiative (TAIPEI) Act of 2019 ( Public Law 116–135 )  is amended — (1)  in section 2(5), 134 Stat. 278 .  by  striking  “ and Kiribati ” and  inserting  “ Kiribati, and Nicaragua, ”; 
 (2)  in section 134 Stat. 279 .  4— (A)  in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by  striking  “ should be ” and  inserting  “ is ”; 
 (B)  in paragraph (2), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (C)  in paragraph (3), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (D)  by  adding  at the end the following: 136 STAT. 3321 
 “(4)  to support Taiwan’s diplomatic relations with governments and countries” 
 ; and 
 
 (3)  in section 134 Stat. 279 .  5— (A)  in subsection (a)— (i)  in paragraph (2), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (ii)  in paragraph (3), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (iii)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(4)  identify why governments and countries have altered their diplomatic status vis-a-vis Taiwan and make recommendations to mitigate further deterioration in Taiwan’s diplomatic relations with governments and countries.” 
 ; 
 
 (B)  in subsection (b), by  striking  “ 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for five years, the Secretary of State shall report ” and  inserting  “ 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Taiwan Enhanced Resilience Act, and annually thereafter for the following 7 years, the Secretary of State shall submit an unclassified report, with a classified annex, ”; 
 (C)  by  redesignating  subsection (c) as subsection (d); and 
 (D)  by  inserting  after subsection (b) the following: “(c)  Deadlines. Time period. Briefings .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Taiwan Enhanced Resilience Act, and annually thereafter for the following 7 years, the Secretary of State shall provide briefings to the appropriate congressional committees on the steps taken in accordance with section (a). The briefings required under this subsection shall take place in an unclassified setting, but may be accompanied by an additional classified briefing.” 
 .