SEC. 5583.  UNITED STATES STRATEGY TO COMBAT NORTH KOREA’S REPRESSIVE INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT. (a)  Deadline. President. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall develop and submit to Congress a strategy on combating North Korea’s repressive information environment. 
 (b)  Elements .— The strategy required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Assessment. An assessment of the challenges to the free flow of information into North Korea created by the censorship and surveillance technology apparatus of the Government of North Korea. 
 (2)  A detailed description of the agencies and other government entities, key officials, and security services responsible for the implementation of North Korea’s repressive laws regarding foreign media consumption. 
 (3)  A detailed description of the agencies and other government entities and key officials of foreign governments that assist, facilitate, or aid North Korea’s repressive censorship and surveillance state. 
 (4)  Review. A review of existing public-private partnerships that provide circumvention technology and an assessment of the feasibility and utility of new tools to increase free expression, circumvent censorship, and obstruct repressive surveillance in North Korea. 
 (5)  A description of and funding levels required for current United States Government programs and activities to provide access for the people of North Korea to a diverse range of fact-based information. 
 (6)  Update. An update of the plan required by section 104(a)(7)(A) of the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004 ( 22 U.S.C. 7814(a)(7)(A) ). 136 STAT. 3373 
 (7)  A description of Department of State programs and funding levels for programs that promote internet freedom in North Korea, including monitoring and evaluation efforts. 
 (8)  A description of grantee programs of the United States Agency for Global Media in North Korea that facilitate circumvention tools and broadcasting, including monitoring and evaluation efforts. 
 (9)  Assessment. A detailed assessment of how the United States International Broadcasting Surge Capacity Fund authorized under section 316 of the United States International Broadcasting Act of 1994 ( 22 U.S.C. 6216 ) has operated to respond to crisis situations in the past, and how authority to transfer unobligated balances from expired accounts would help the United States Agency for Global Media in crisis situations in the future. 
 (10)  Plan. A detailed plan for how the authorization of appropriations under section 5584 will operate alongside and augment existing programming from the relevant Federal agencies and facilitate the development of new tools to assist that programming. 
 (11)  Plan. A detailed plan for engagement and coordination with the Republic of Korea, as appropriate, necessary for implementing the objectives of the strategy required by subsection (a), including— (A)  with regard to any new or expanded activities contemplated under paragraphs (9) and (10); and 
 (B)  any cooperation with or approval from the Government of the Republic of Korea required to carry out such activities. 
 
 
 (c)  Form of Strategy .— The strategy required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include the matters required by paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b) in a classified annex.