SEC. 548.  LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RELOCATION OF ARMY CID SPECIAL AGENT TRAINING COURSE. (a)  Plans. Limitation .— None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2023 for the Army may be obligated or expended to relocate an Army CID special agent training course until— (1) (A)  the Secretary of the Army submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives— (i)  Evaluation. the evaluation and plan required by subsection (a) of section 549C of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  135 Stat. 1724 ); 
 (ii)  the implementation plan required by subsection (b) of such section; and 
 (iii)  Reports. a separate report on any plans of the Secretary to relocate an Army CID special agent training course, including an explanation of the business case for any transfer of training personnel proposed as part of such plan; 
 
 (B)  Briefing. the Secretary provides to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the contents of each report specified in subparagraph (A); and 
 (C)  Time period. a period of 90 days has elapsed following the briefing under subparagraph (B); and 
 
 (2)  Certification. Compliance. the Secretary submits a written certification to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives indicating that the Army has fully complied with subsection (c) of section 549C of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  135 Stat. 1724 ) with regard to locations at which military criminal investigative training is conducted. 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ relocate ”, when used with respect to an Army CID special agent training course, means the transfer of such course to a location different than the location used for such course as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (2)  The term “ Army CID special agent training course ” means a training course provided to members of the Army to prepare such members for service as special agents in the Army Criminal Investigation Division. 136 STAT. 2587