SEC. 5892.  12 USC 5334 note . CLASSIFIED AND PROTECTED INFORMATION. (a)  In General .— Nothing in this title, or the amendments made by this title, shall require the disclosure to the public of— (1)  information that would be exempt from disclosure under  section 552 of title 5, United States Code  (commonly known as the “Freedom of Information Act”); or 
 (2)  information protected under— (A)  section 552a of title 5, United States Code  (commonly known as the “Privacy Act of 1974”); 
 (B)  section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; or 
 (C)  any law administered, or regulation promulgated, by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the Department of the Treasury. 
 
 
 (b)  Existing Agency Regulations .— Nothing in this title, or the amendments made by this title, shall be construed to require the Secretary of the Treasury, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial  136 STAT. 3439 
Protection, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the National Credit Union Administration Board, the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, or the head of any other primary financial regulatory agency (as defined in section 2 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( 12 U.S.C. 5301 )) designated by the Secretary of the Treasury to amend regulations and procedures, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, regarding the sharing and disclosure of nonpublic information, including confidential supervisory information. 
 (c)  Data Privacy and Personally Identifiable Information .— Nothing in this title, or the amendments made by this title, shall be construed to require the Secretary of the Treasury, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency, the Director of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the National Credit Union Administration Board, the Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, or the head of any other primary financial regulatory agency (as defined in section 2 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( 12 U.S.C. 5301 )) designated by the Secretary of the Treasury to disclose to the public any information that can be used to distinguish or trace the identity of an individual, either alone or when combined with other personal or identifying information that is linked or linkable to a specific individual.