SEC. 596.  10 USC 2632 note . PILOT PROGRAM ON CAR SHARING ON REMOTE OR ISOLATED MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. (a)  Deadline. Determination .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall determine whether it is feasible and advisable to carry out a pilot program to allow car sharing on more than two remote or isolated military installations. 
 (b)  Determination. Plan. Deadline. Authority .— If the Secretary determines that such a pilot program is feasible and advisable, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to carry out the pilot program not later than 90 days after such determination. 
 (c)  Program Elements .— To carry out a pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall take steps including the following: (1)  Contracts. Seek to enter into an agreement with an entity that— (A)  provides car sharing services; and 
 (B)  is capable of serving the selected military installations. 
 
 (2)  Provide to members assigned to such military installations the resources the Secretary determines necessary to participate in such pilot program. 
 (3)  Promote such pilot program to such members as the Secretary determines. 
 
 (d)  Duration .— A pilot program under this section shall terminate two years after the Secretary commences such pilot program. 
 (e)  Report .— Upon the termination of a pilot program under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the following information: (1)  The number of individuals who used car sharing services offered pursuant to the pilot program. 
 (2)  Costs. The cost to the United States of the pilot program. 
 (3)  Analysis. An analysis of the effect of the pilot program on mental health and community connectedness of members described in subsection (b)(2). 
 (4)  Other information the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (f)  Military Installation Defined .— In this section, the term “ military installation ” has the meaning given such term in  section 2801 of title 10, United States Code .