SEC. 5548.  AUTHORIZATION TO TRANSFER EXCESS COAST GUARD VESSELS. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that the United States should undertake efforts to expand cooperation with the Government of Ecuador to— (1)  ensure protections for the Galápagos Marine Reserve; 
 (2)  deter illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing; and 
 (3)  increase interdiction of narcotics trafficking and other forms of illicit trafficking. 
 
 (b)  Authority to Transfer Excess Coast Guard Vessels to the Government of Ecuador .— President. Assessment. The President shall conduct a joint assessment with the Government of Ecuador to ensure sufficient capacity exists to maintain Island class cutters. Upon completion of a favorable assessment, the President is authorized to transfer up to two ISLAND class cutters to the Government of Ecuador as excess defense articles pursuant to the authority of section 516 of the Foreign Assistance Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2321j ). 
 (c)  Grants Not Counted in Annual Total of Transferred Excess Defense Articles .— The value of a vessel transferred to another country on a grant basis pursuant to authority provided by subsection (b) shall not be counted against the aggregate value of excess defense articles transferred in any fiscal year under section 516 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2321j ). 
 (d)  Costs of Transfers .— Any expense incurred by the United States in connection with a transfer authorized by this section  136 STAT. 3340 
shall be charged to the recipient notwithstanding section 516(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2321j(e) ). 
 (e)  Repair and Refurbishment in United States Shipyards .— President. Requirement. To the maximum extent practicable, the President shall require, as a condition of the transfer of a vessel under this section, that the recipient to which the vessel is transferred have such repair or refurbishment of the vessel as is needed, before the vessel joins the naval forces of that recipient, performed at a shipyard located in the United States. 
 (f)  Expiration of Authority .— The authority to transfer a vessel under this section shall expire at the end of the 3-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.