SEC. 5706.  50 USC 1701 note . BANKING TRANSPARENCY FOR SANCTIONED PERSONS ACT OF 2022. (a)  List. Time period. In General .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue a report to the Committees on Financial Services and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Foreign Relations of the Senate that includes a list of specific licenses issued by the Secretary in the preceding 365 days that authorizes a U.S. financial institution (as defined under  section 561.309 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations ) to provide financial services to any of the following: (1)  The government of a state sponsor of terrorism. 
 (2)  A person sanctioned pursuant to any of the following: (A)  Section 404 of the Russia and Moldova Jackson-Vanik Repeal and Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 ( Public Law 112–208 ). 
 (B)  Subtitle F of title XII of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 , the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act). 
 (C)  Executive Order No. 13818. 
 
 
 (b)  Records. Submission of Copies of Licenses on Request .— The Secretary of the Treasury shall expeditiously provide a copy of any license identified in a report required by subsection (a) to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate if an appropriate Member of Congress requests a copy of that license not later than 60 days after submission of the report. 136 STAT. 3419 
 (c)  Business Confidential Information .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of the Treasury shall, in the report under subsection (a) and any submissions under subsection (b), identify any proprietary information submitted by any private sector representative and mark such information as “business confidential information”. 
 (2)  Treatment as trade secrets .— Business confidential information described under paragraph (1) shall be considered to be a matter falling within the meaning of trade secrets and commercial or financial information exemption under  section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code , and shall be exempt from disclosure under such section 552 of such title without the express approval of the private party. 
 
 (d)  Authorization of Appropriations .— For the purpose of carrying out the activities authorized under this section, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of the Treasury $1,000,000. 
 (e)  Sunset .— The section shall cease to have any force or effect after the end of the 5-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
 (f)  Form of Report and Submissions .— A report or submission required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
 (g)  Appropriate Member of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate Member of Congress ” has the meaning given that term under section 7132(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020.