SEC. 509B.  Estimates. Time periods. Plans. Schedules. ASSESSMENTS OF STAFFING IN THE OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE AND OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HEADQUARTERS OFFICES. (a)  Office of the Secretary of Defense .— The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment of staffing of the Office of the Secretary of Defense. Such assessment shall including the following elements: (1)  A validation of every military staff billet assigned to the Office of the Secretary of Defense against existing military personnel requirements. 
 (2)  The estimated effect of returning 15 percent of such military staff billets to operational activities of the Armed Forces concerned, over a period of 36 months, would have on the office of the Secretary of Defense and other Department of Defense Headquarters Offices. 
 (3)  A plan and milestones for how reductions described in paragraph (2) would occur, a schedule for such reductions, and the process by which the billets would be returned to the operational activities of the Armed Forces concerned. 
 
 (b)  Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff .— The Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall conduct an assessment of staffing of the Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Such assessment shall including the following elements: (1)  A validation of every military staff billet assigned to the Office of the Joint Chiefs of Staff against existing military personnel requirements. 
 (2)  The estimated effect of returning 15 percent of such military staff billets to operational activities of the Armed Forces concerned, over a period of 36 months, would have on the office of the Joint Staff and the Chairman’s Controlled Activities and other related Joint Staff Headquarters Offices. 
 (3)  A plan and milestones for how reductions described in paragraph (2) would occur, a schedule for such reductions, and the process by which the billets would be returned to the operational activities of the Armed Forces concerned. 
 
 (c)  Interim Briefing and Report .— (1)  Deadline. Interim briefing .— Not later than April 1, 2023, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives an interim briefing on the assessments under subsections (a) and (b). 
 (2)  Final report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the assessments under subsections (a) and (b). Such report shall include the following: 136 STAT. 2562 (A)  A validation of every military staff billet assigned to the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Staff to include the Chairman’s Controlled Activities against existing military personnel requirements. 
 (B)  The methodology and process through which such validation was performed. 
 (C)  Analysis. Relevant statistical analysis on military billet fill rates against validated requirements. 
 (D)  Analysis. An analysis of unvalidated military billets currently performing staff support functions, 
 (E)  The rationale for why unvalidated military billets may be required. 
 (F)  The cost of military staff filling both validated and unvalidated billets. 
 (G)  Analysis. Lessons learned through the military billet validation process and statistical analysis under subparagraphs (B) through (F). 
 (H)  Any other matters the Secretary determines relevant to understanding the use of military staff billets described in subsections (a) and (b). 
 (I)  Recommenda- tions. Any legislative, policy or budgetary recommendations of the Secretary related to the subject matter of the report.