SEC. 5523.  REPORT ANALYZING THE IMPACT OF RUSSIA’S WAR AGAINST UKRAINE ON THE OBJECTIVES OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA WITH RESPECT TO TAIWAN. (a)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; 
 (3)  the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
 (4)  the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; 
 (5)  the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 
 (6)  the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; 
 (7)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; 
 (8)  the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; 
 (9)  the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; 
 (10)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; 
 (11)  the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
 (12)  the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (b)  Analysis. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that analyzes the impact of Russia’s war against Ukraine on the PRC’s diplomatic, military, economic, and propaganda objectives with respect to Taiwan. 
 (c)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (b) shall describe— (1)  adaptations or known changes to PRC strategies and military doctrine that the United States assesses are a direct result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine or that the United States assesses represent lessons learned by the People’s Republic of China in light of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, including changes— (A)  to PRC behavior in international forums; 
 (B)  within the People’s Liberation Army, with respect to the size of forces, the makeup of leadership, weapons procurement, equipment upkeep, the doctrine on the use of specific weapons, such as weapons banned under the international law of armed conflict, efforts to move weapons supply chains onto mainland PRC, or any other changes in its military strategy with respect to Taiwan; 
 (C)  in economic planning, such as sanctions evasion, efforts to minimize exposure to sanctions, or moves in support of the protection of currency or other strategic reserves; 
 (D)  to propaganda, disinformation, and other information operations originating in the PRC; and 
 (E)  to the PRC’s strategy for the use of force against Taiwan, including any information on preferred scenarios  136 STAT. 3323 
or operations to secure its objectives in Taiwan, adjustments based on how the Russian military has performed in Ukraine, and other relevant matters; and 
 
 (2)  United States plans to adapt policies and military planning in response to the changes referred to in paragraph (1). 
 
 (d)  Classified information. Form .— The report required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in classified form. 
 (e)  Coordination With Allies and Partners .— The Secretary of State shall share information contained in the report required by subsection (b), as appropriate, with appropriate officials of allied and partners, including Taiwan and other partners in Europe and in the Indo-Pacific.