SEC. 579E.  SENSE OF CONGRESS ON RIGHTS OF PARENTS OF CHILDREN ATTENDING SCHOOLS OPERATED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that the parent of a child who attends a school operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity has parental rights as previously established by the Activity, including the following: (1)  The right to information about the curriculum and instructional materials of the school. 
 (2)  The right to be informed if the school or Department of Defense Education Activity alters the school’s academic standards or learning benchmarks. 
 (3)  The right to meet with each teacher of their child not less than twice during each school year, including meetings in the form of parent-teacher conferences. 
 (4)  The right to information about the budget of the school. 
 (5)  The right to request information regarding the professional qualifications of their child’s classroom teacher. 
 (6)  The right to address the school advisory committee or the school board. 
 (7)  The right to information about the school’s discipline policy, including policies related to responding to any violent activity in the school. 
 (8)  The right to information about any plans to eliminate gifted and talented programs or accelerated coursework at the school. 
 (9)  The right to be informed of the results of environmental testing and safety at school facilities. 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act and consistent with the parental rights specified in subsection (a), the Director of the Department of Defense Education Activity shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the parental rights specified in such subsection. The report shall include, with respect to the schools operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity, an explanation of— (1)  how and where a parent may access information about their rights; 
 (2)  the accessibility of that information; 136 STAT. 2610 
 (3)  how such schools inform parents of their rights and the means to access such rights; and 
 (4)  the uniformity of parental rights across such schools. 
 
 (c)  Definition .— In this section, the term “ school operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity ” means— (1)  a Department of Defense domestic dependent elementary or secondary school, as described in  section 2164 of title 10, United States Code ; or 
 (2)  any other elementary or secondary school or program for dependents operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity.