SEC. 5601.  DESIGNATION OF SMALL STATE AND RURAL ADVOCATE. (a)  In General .— Section 326(c) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5165d )  is amended — 136 STAT. 3403 
 (1)  by  striking  “ and ” at the end of paragraph (2); 
 (2)  by  redesignating  paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and 
 (3)  by  inserting  after paragraph (2) the following: “(3)  assist States in the collection and presentation of material in the disaster or emergency declaration request relevant to demonstrate severe localized impacts within the State for a specific incident, including— “(A)  the per capita personal income by local area, as calculated by the Bureau of Economic Analysis; 
 “(B)  the disaster impacted population profile, as reported by the Bureau of the Census, including— “(i)  the percentage of the population for whom poverty status is determined; 
 “(ii)  the percentage of the population already receiving Government assistance such as Supplemental Security Income and Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits; 
 “(iii)  the pre-disaster unemployment rate; 
 “(iv)  the percentage of the population that is 65 years old and older; 
 “(v)  the percentage of the population 18 years old and younger; 
 “(vi)  the percentage of the population with a disability; 
 “(vii)  the percentage of the population who speak a language other than English and speak English less than ‘very well’; and 
 “(viii)  any unique considerations regarding American Indian and Alaskan Native Tribal populations raised in the State’s request for a major disaster declaration that may not be reflected in the data points referenced in this subparagraph; 
 
 “(C)  the impact to community infrastructure, including— “(i)  disruptions to community life-saving and life-sustaining services; 
 “(ii)  disruptions or increased demand for essential community services; and 
 “(iii)  disruptions to transportation, infrastructure, and utilities; and 
 
 “(D)  any other information relevant to demonstrate severe local impacts; and” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  GAO Review of a Final Rule .— (1)  In general .— The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s implementation of its final rule, published on March 21, 2019,  amending   section 206.48(b) of title 44, Code of Federal Regulations  (regarding factors considered when evaluating a Governor’s request for a major disaster declaration), which revised the factors that the Agency considers when evaluating a Governor’s request for a major disaster declaration authorizing individual assistance under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5121  et seq). 
 (2)  Assessments. Scope .— The review required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: 136 STAT. 3404 
 (A)  An assessment of the criteria used by the Agency to assess individual assistance requests following a major disaster declaration authorizing individual assistance. 
 (B)  An assessment of the consistency with which the Agency uses the updated Individual Assistance Declaration Factors when assessing the impact of individual communities after a major disaster declaration. 
 (C)  An assessment of the impact, if any, of using the updated Individual Assistance Declaration Factors has had on equity in disaster recovery outcomes. 
 (D)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations to improve the use of the Individual Assistance Declaration Factors to increase equity in disaster recovery outcomes. 
 
 (3)  Report .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the review required under this section.