SEC. 5538.  STUDY ON AN INFECTIOUS DISEASE MONITORING CENTER. (a)  Deadline. Study .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, shall submit to appropriate congressional committees a study that includes the following: (1)  A description of ongoing cooperation between the United States Government and Taiwan related to public health, including public health activities supported by the United States in Taiwan. 
 (2)  A description how the United States and Taiwan can promote further cooperation and expand public health activities, including the feasibility and utility of establishing an Infectious Disease Monitoring Center within the American Institute of Taiwan in Taipei, Taiwan to— (A)  regularly monitor, analyze, and disseminate open-source material from countries in the region, including viral strains, bacterial subtypes, and other pathogens; 
 (B)  engage in people-to-people contacts with medical specialists and public health officials in the region; 
 (C)  provide expertise and information on infectious diseases to the United States Government and Taiwanese officials; and 
 (D)  carry out other appropriate activities, as determined by the Director of the Center. 
 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The study required by subsection (a) shall include— 136 STAT. 3334 (1)  Plan. a plan on how such a Center would be established and operationalized, including— (A)  the personnel, material, and funding requirements necessary to establish and operate the Center; and 
 (B)  the proposed structure and composition of Center personnel, which may include— (i)  infectious disease experts from the Department of Health and Human Services, who are recommended to serve as detailees to the Center; and 
 (ii)  additional qualified persons to serve as detailees to or employees of the Center, including— (I)  from any other relevant Federal department or agencies, to include the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development; 
 (II)  qualified foreign service nationals or locally engaged staff who are considered citizens of Taiwan; and 
 (III)  employees of the Taiwan Centers for Disease Control; 
 
 
 
 (2)  Evaluation. an evaluation, based on the factors in paragraph (1), of whether to establish the Center; and 
 (3)  a description of any consultations or agreements between the American Institute in Taiwan and the Taipei Economic and Cultural Representative Office in the United States regarding the establishment and operation of the Center, including— (A)  the role that employees of the Taiwan Centers for Disease Control would play in supporting or coordinating with the Center; and 
 (B)  whether any employees of the Taiwan Centers for Disease Control would be detailed to, or co-located with, the Center. 
 
 
 (c)  Consultation .— The Secretary of State and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees before full completion of the study.