SEC. 519.  INDEPENDENT STUDY ON FEDERAL RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL GUARD OFFICERS. (a)  Independent Study .— (1)  Deadline. Contracts. Recommenda- tions. In general .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a study on the National Guard commissioned officer and warrant officer promotion system and provide recommendations to the Department of Defense, the Department of the Air Force, the Department of the Army, the National Guard Bureau, and individual State National Guard commands. 
 (2)  Reviews. Assessments. Elements .— The study referred to in paragraph (1) shall include a comprehensive review and assessment of the following: (A)  Reasons for delays in processing personnel actions for Federal recognition of State National Guard member promotions. 
 (B)  The Federal recognition process used to extend Federal recognition to State promotions. 
 (C)  Best practices among the various State National Guards for managing their requirements under the existing National Guard promotion system. 
 (D)  Possible improvements to requirements, policies, procedures, workflow, or resources to reduce the processing time for Federal recognition of state promotions. 
 (E)  An assessment of the feasibility of developing or adopting a commercially available solution for an integrated enterprise information technology system for managing National Guard officer and warrant officer promotions that allows seamless transition for promotions as they move through review at the National Guard Bureau, the Department of the Army, the Department of the Air Force, and the Department of Defense. 
 (F)  Possible metrics to evaluate effectiveness of any recommendations made. 
 (G)  Possible remedies for undue delays in Federal recognition, including adjustment to the effective date of promotion beyond current statutory authorities. 
 (H)  Any other matters the federally funded research and development center determines relevant. 
 
 (3)  Report .— 136 STAT. 2569 
 (A)  Requirement. In general .— The contract under paragraph (1) shall require the federally funded research and development center that conducts the study under the contract to submit to the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau a report on the results of the study. 
 (B)  Records. Submission to congress .— Upon receiving the report required under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of Defense shall submit an unedited copy of the report results to the congressional defense committees within 30 days of receiving the report from the federally funded research and development corporation. 
 
 
 (b)  Reporting Requirement .— (1)  In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the date specified in paragraph (3), the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report detailing the current status of the Federal recognition process for National Guard promotions. 
 (2)  Elements .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: (A)  Update. An update on efforts to transition to fully digital processes in accordance with recommendations made pursuant to subsection (a). 
 (B)  The average processing time for personnel actions related to Federal recognition of reserve commissioned officer promotions in the Army and Air National Guards, respectively, including the time in days from the date at which the National Guard Bureau received the promotion until the date at which Federal recognition was granted. 
 (C)  The average time it took during the previous fiscal year to extend Federal recognition. 
 (D)  Time period. The number of Army and Air National Guard officers who experienced Federal recognition delays greater than 90 days in the previous fiscal year. 
 (E)  Summary. Time period. A summary of any additional resources or authorities needed to further streamline the Federal recognition processes to reduce average Federal recognition processing time to 90 days or fewer. 
 (F)  Any other information that the Secretaries concerned deem relevant. 
 
 (3)  Expiration of annual reporting requirement .— The date referred to in paragraph (1) is such time as the average processing time for personnel actions described under this subsection is reduced to 90 days or fewer for each of the Army and Air National Guards.