SEC. 538.  10 USC 167 note . REVIEW OF CERTAIN PERSONNEL POLICIES OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. (a)  Determination. Update. Guidance. Processes. Review Required .— The Secretary of Defense shall direct the covered officials to review (and, if a covered official determines it necessary, update guidance and processes) matters described in  section 167(e)(2)(J) of title 10, United States Code .  Deadline. The covered officials shall complete such review (and update) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (b)  Elements of Review .— The review and updates under subsection (a) shall address the respective roles of the military departments and the United States Special Operations Command with respect to the following: 136 STAT. 2578 (1)  Coordination between special operations command and the military departments regarding recruiting and retention to ensure that personnel requirements of special operations forces and the military departments are met appropriately. 
 (2)  Opportunities for members of special operations forces to enroll in professional military education. 
 (3)  Assessment. Promotion opportunities for members of special operations forces and an assessment of whether such opportunities are adequate to fulfill staffing requirements of special operations forces. 
 (4)  Data. Data sharing between the military departments and special operations command with respect to special operations forces personnel. 
 (5)  Any other matter the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Report Required .— Not later than 90 days after completing the review (and any updates) under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on such review and any resulting updates to guidance and processes. Recommenda- tions.  The report shall also include any recommendations of the Secretary regarding matters described in subsection (a) or (b). 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered officials ” means— (A)  the Secretaries of the military departments; 
 (B)  the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict; and 
 (C)  the Commander of special operations command. 
 
 (2)  The term “ special operations command ” has the meaning given that term in  section 167(a) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (3)  The term “ special operations forces ” means the forces described in  section 167(j) of title 10, United States Code .