SEC. 5560.  DEFINITIONS.   In this subtitle: (1)  The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; 
 (B)  the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 136 STAT. 3345 
 (C)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
 (D)  the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  The terms “Global Health Security Agenda” and “GHSA” mean the multi-sectoral initiative launched in 2014, and renewed in 2018, that brings together countries, regions, international organizations, nongovernmental organizations, and the private sector— (A)  to elevate global health security as a national-level priority; 
 (B)  to share best practices; and 
 (C)  to facilitate national capacity to comply with and adhere to— (i)  the International Health Regulations (2005); 
 (ii)  the international standards and guidelines established by the World Organisation for Animal Health; 
 (iii)  United Nations Security Council Resolution 1540 (2004); 
 (iv)  the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological and Toxin Weapons and on their Destruction, done at Washington, London, and Moscow, April 10, 1972 (commonly referred to as the “Biological Weapons Convention”); 
 (v)  the Global Health Security Agenda 2024 Framework; and 
 (vi)  other relevant frameworks that contribute to global health security. 
 
 
 (3)  The term “ Global Health Security Index ” means the comprehensive assessment and benchmarking of health security and related capabilities across the countries that make up the States Parties to the International Health Regulations (2005). 
 (4)  The term “ Global Health Security Initiative ” means the informal network of countries and organizations that came together in 2001, to undertake concerted global action to strengthen public health preparedness and response to chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats, including pandemic influenza. 
 (5)  The term “ IHR (2005) Monitoring and Evaluation Framework ” means the framework through which the World Health Organization and the State Parties to the International Health Regulations, as amended in 2005, review, measure, and assess core country public health capacities and ensure mutual accountability for global health security under the International Health Regulations (2005), including through the Joint External Evaluations, simulation exercises, and after-action reviews. 
 (6)  The term “ Joint External Evaluation ” means the voluntary, collaborative, multi-sectoral process facilitated by the World Health Organization— (A)  to assess country capacity to prevent, detect, and rapidly respond to public health risks occurring naturally or due to deliberate or accidental events; 136 STAT. 3346 
 (B)  to assess progress in achieving the targets under the International Health Regulations (2005); and 
 (C)  to recommend priority actions. 
 
 (7)  The term “ key stakeholders ” means actors engaged in efforts to advance global health security programs and objectives, including— (A)  national and local governments in partner countries; 
 (B)  other bilateral donors; 
 (C)  international, regional, and local organizations, including private, voluntary, nongovernmental, and civil society organizations, including faith-based and indigenous organizations; 
 (D)  international, regional, and local financial institutions; 
 (E)  representatives of historically marginalized groups, including women, youth, and indigenous peoples; 
 (F)  the private sector, including medical device, technology, pharmaceutical, manufacturing, logistics, and other relevant companies; and 
 (G)  public and private research and academic institutions. 
 
 (8)  The term “ One Health approach ” means the collaborative, multi-sectoral, and transdisciplinary approach toward achieving optimal health outcomes in a manner that recognizes the interconnection between people, animals, plants, and their shared environment. 
 (9)  The term “ pandemic preparedness ” refers to the actions taken to establish and sustain the capacity and capabilities necessary to rapidly identify, prevent, protect against, and respond to the emergence, reemergence, and spread of pathogens of pandemic potential. 
 (10)  The term “ partner country ” means a foreign country in which the relevant Federal departments and agencies are implementing United States foreign assistance for global health security and pandemic prevention, preparedness, and response under this subtitle. 
 (11)  The term “ relevant Federal departments and agencies ” means any Federal department or agency implementing United States policies and programs relevant to the advancement of United States global health security and diplomacy overseas, which may include— (A)  the Department of State; 
 (B)  the United States Agency for International Development; 
 (C)  the Department of Health and Human Services; 
 (D)  the Department of Defense; 
 (E)  the Defense Threat Reduction Agency; 
 (F)  the Millennium Challenge Corporation; 
 (G)  the Development Finance Corporation; 
 (H)  the Peace Corps; and 
 (I)  any other department or agency that the President determines to be relevant for these purposes. 
 
 (12)  The term “ resilience ” means the ability of people, households, communities, systems, institutions, countries, and regions to reduce, mitigate, withstand, adapt to, and quickly recover from shocks and stresses in a manner that reduces  136 STAT. 3347 
chronic vulnerability to the emergence, reemergence, and spread of pathogens of pandemic potential and facilitates inclusive growth. 
 (13)  The terms “respond” and “response” mean the actions taken to counter an infectious disease. 
 (14)  The term “ USAID ” means the United States Agency for International Development.