“§ 50114. 46 USC 50114 .  National maritime strategy “(a)  In General .— The Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating and the Commander of United States Transportation Command, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— “(1)  a national maritime strategy; and 
 “(2)  not less often than once every five years after the submission of such strategy, an update to the strategy. 
 
 “(b)  Contents .— The strategy required under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: “(1)  An identification of— 136 STAT. 3097 “(A)  international policies and Federal regulations and policies that reduce the competitiveness of United States-documented vessels with foreign vessels in domestic and international transportation markets; and 
 “(B)  the impact of reduced cargo flow due to reductions in the number of members of the United States Armed Forces stationed or deployed outside of the United States. 
 
 “(2)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations to— “(A)  make United States-documented vessels more competitive in shipping routes between United States and foreign ports; 
 “(B)  increase the use of United States-documented vessels to carry cargo imported to and exported from the United States; 
 “(C)  ensure compliance by Federal agencies with chapter 553; 
 “(D)  increase the use of short sea transportation routes, including routes designated under section 55601(b), to enhance intermodal freight movements; 
 “(E)  enhance United States shipbuilding capability; 
 “(F)  invest in, and identify gaps in, infrastructure needed to facilitate the movement of goods at ports and throughout the transportation system, including innovative physical and information technologies; 
 “(G)  enhance workforce training and recruitment for the maritime workforce, including training on innovative physical and information technologies; 
 “(H)  increase the resilience of ports and the marine transportation system; 
 “(I)  increase the carriage of government-impelled cargo on United States-documented vessels pursuant to chapter 553 of title 46, section 2631 of title 10, or otherwise; and 
 “(J)  maximize the cost effectiveness of Federal funding for carriage of non-defense government impelled cargo for the purposes of maintaining a United States flag fleet for national and economic security. 
 
 
 “(c)  Public information. Web posting. Update .— Upon the release of a strategy or update under subsection (a), the Secretary of Transportation shall make such strategy or update publicly available on the website of the Department of Transportation. 
 “(d)  Deadline. Public information. Web posting. Implementation Plan .— Not later than six months after the submission of a strategy or update under subsection (a), the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating and the Secretary of Defense, shall make publicly available on an appropriate website an implementation plan for such strategy or update.”