SEC. 599A.  REPORT ON EFFORTS TO PREVENT AND RESPOND TO DEATHS BY SUICIDE IN THE NAVY. (a)  Review Required .— The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a review of the efforts by the Secretary of the Navy to— (1)  prevent incidents of deaths by suicide, suicide attempts, and suicidal ideation among covered members; and 
 (2)  respond to such incidents. 
 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements of Review .— The study conducted under subsection (a) shall include an assessment of each of the following: (1)  Data. The extent of data collected regarding incidents of deaths by suicide, suicide attempts, and suicidal ideation among covered members, including data regarding whether such covered members are assigned to sea duty or shore duty at the time of such incidents. 
 (2)  The means used by commanders to prevent and respond to incidents of deaths by suicide, suicide attempts, and suicidal ideation among covered members. 
 (3)  Challenges related to— (A)  the prevention of incidents of deaths by suicide, suicide attempts, and suicidal ideation among members of the Navy assigned to sea duty; and 
 (B)  the development of a response to such incidents. 
 
 (4)  The capacity of teams providing mental health services to covered members to respond to incidents of suicidal ideation or suicide attempts among covered members in the respective unit each such team serves. 
 (5)  The means used by such teams to respond to such incidents, including the extent to which post-incident programs are available to covered members. 
 (6)  Such other matters as the Inspector General considers appropriate in connection with the prevention of deaths by suicide, suicide attempts, and suicidal ideation among covered members. 
 
 (c)  Report Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report that includes a summary of the results of the review conducted under subsection (a). 
 (d)  Covered Member Defined .— In this section the term “ covered member ” means a member of the Navy assigned to sea duty or shore duty.