SEC. 509C.  GAO REVIEW OF CERTAIN OFFICER PERFORMANCE EVALUATIONS. (a)  Deadline. Review Required .— Not later than one year after the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall review the officer performance reports of each Armed Force under the jurisdiction of a Secretary of a military department in order to— (1)  Study. study the fitness report systems used for the performance evaluation of officers; and 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. provide to the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments recommendations regarding how to improve such systems. 
 
 (b)  Analyses. Elements .— The review required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An analysis of the effectiveness of the fitness report systems at evaluating and documenting the performance of officers. 
 (2)  A comparison of the fitness report systems for officers of each Armed Force described in subsection (a) with best practices for performance evaluations used by public- and private-sector organizations. 
 (3)  An analysis of the value of fitness reports in providing useful information to officer promotion boards. 
 (4)  An analysis of the value of fitness reports in providing useful feedback to officers being evaluated. 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations to improve the fitness report systems to— (A)  increase its effectiveness at accurately evaluating and documenting the performance of officers; 
 (B)  provide more useful information to officer promotion boards; and 
 (C)  provide more useful feedback regarding evaluated officers. 136 STAT. 2563 
 
 
 (c)  Access to Data and Records .— The Secretaries of the military departments shall provide to the Comptroller General sufficient resources and access to technical data, individuals, organizations, and records that the Comptroller General requires to complete the review under this section. 
 (d)  Reports. Submission to Secretaries .— Upon completing the review under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments a report on the results of the review. 
 (e)  Deadline. Submission to Congress .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments receive the report under subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1)  Records. an unaltered copy of such report; and 
 (2)  any comments of the Secretary regarding such report.