SEC. 547.  PRIMARY PREVENTION RESEARCH AGENDA AND WORKFORCE. (a)  Annual Primary Prevention Research Agenda .— Section 549A(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  135 Stat. 1722 ) 10 USC note  prec. 1561.   is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (5), (6), and (7), respectively; 
 (2)  by  inserting  after paragraph (1) the following new paragraphs: “(2)  include a focus on whether and to what extent sub-populations of the military community may be targeted for interpersonal violence more than others; 
 “(3)  seek to identify factors that influence the prevention, perpetration, and victimization of interpersonal and self-directed violence; 
 “(4)  seek to improve the collection and dissemination of data on hazing and bullying related to interpersonal and self-directed violence;” 
 ; and 
 (3)  by  amending  paragraph (6), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this section, to read as follows: “(6)  incorporate collaboration with other Federal departments and agencies, including the Department of Health and Human Services and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, State governments, academia, industry, federally funded research and development centers, nonprofit organizations, and other organizations outside of the Department of Defense, including civilian institutions that conduct similar data-driven studies, collection, and analysis; and” 
 . 
 
 (b)  Primary Prevention Workforce .— Section 549B of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  135 Stat. 1722 ) 10 USC note  prec. 501.   is amended — (1)  in subsection (c)— (A)  in paragraph (2), by  striking  “ subsection (a) ” and  inserting  “ paragraph (1) ”; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(3)  Comptroller general report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that— 136 STAT. 2586 “(A)  compares the sexual harassment and prevention training of the Department of Defense with similar programs at other departments and agencies of the Federal Government; and 
 “(B)  includes relevant data collected by colleges and universities and other relevant outside entities on hazing and bullying and interpersonal and self-directed violence.” 
 
 ; and 
 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(e)  Incorporation of Research and Findings .— The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the findings and conclusions from the primary prevention research agenda established under section 549A are regularly incorporated, as appropriate, within the primary prevention workforce established under subsection (a).” 
 .