SEC. 5598.  REPORT ON BILATERAL SECURITY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT COOPERATION WITH MEXICO. (a)  President. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes the following: (1)  A description of past and current bilateral security and law enforcement cooperation with Mexico, including through United States Northern Command, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice (including the Drug Enforcement Administration), and the Department of State (including the Bureau of International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs), including over the preceding 10 years. 
 (2)  Summary. A summary of efforts of the Government of Mexico to reduce impunity and strengthen judicial processes for violent crimes and cartels across Mexico and along the United States-Mexico border. 
 (3)  A description and mapping of increasing cartel control over Mexican territory and its impacts on United States national security. 
 (4)  Assessment. An assessment of any changes in Mexico’s electoral and democratic institutions, including their ability to ensure accountability for human rights violations, and its impacts on national security. 
 
 (b)  Form .— The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. The unclassified portion of such report shall be published on a publicly available website of the Federal government. 
 (c)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives.