SEC. 5941.  SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE REPORT ON IMPROVING SUPPLY CHAIN SHORTFALLS AND INFRASTRUCTURE NEEDS AT WHOLESALE PRODUCE MARKETS. (a)  In General .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Agriculture shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on— (1)  the 5 largest wholesale produce markets by annual sales and volume over the preceding 4 calendar years; and 
 (2)  a representative sample of 8 wholesale produce markets that are not among the largest wholesale produce markets. 
 
 (b)  Contents .— The report under subsection (a) shall contain the following: (1)  Analysis. An analysis of the supply chain shortfalls in each wholesale produce market identified under subsection (a), which shall include an analysis of the following: (A)  State of repair of infrastructure, including roads, food storage units, and refueling stations. 
 (B)  Disaster preparedness, including with respect to cyber attacks, weather events, and terrorist attacks. 
 (C)  Disaster recovery systems, including coordination with State and Federal agencies. 
 
 (2)  A description of any actions the Secretary recommends be taken as a result of the analysis under paragraph (1). 
 (3)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations, as appropriate, for wholesale produce market owners and operators, and State and local entities to improve the supply chain shortfalls identified under paragraph (1). 
 (4)  Proposals, as appropriate, for legislative actions and funding needed to improve the supply chain shortfalls. 
 
 (c)  Consultation .— In completing the report under subsection (a), the Secretary of Agriculture shall consult with the Secretary of Transportation, the Secretary of Homeland Security, wholesale  136 STAT. 3470 
produce market owners and operators, State and local entities, and other agencies or stakeholders, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
 (d)  Definition. Appropriate Congressional Committees .— For the purposes of this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the Committee on Agriculture, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Technology, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate.