SEC. 6311.  50 USC 3367 note . ASSESSING INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY OPEN-SOURCE SUPPORT FOR EXPORT CONTROLS AND FOREIGN INVESTMENT SCREENING. (a)  Pilot Program to Assess Open Source Support for Export Controls and Foreign Investment Screening .— (1)  Pilot program authorized .— The Director of National Intelligence shall designate an element of the intelligence community to carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of providing enhanced intelligence support, including intelligence derived from open source, publicly and commercially available information— (A)  to the Department of Commerce to support the export control and investment screening functions of the Department; and 
 (B)  to the Department of Homeland Security to support the export control functions of the Department. 
 
 (2)  Authority .— In carrying out the pilot program required by paragraph (1), the element designated by the Director under such paragraph— (A)  shall establish a process for the provision of information as described in such paragraph; and 
 (B)  may— (i)  acquire and prepare data, consistent with applicable provisions of law and Executive orders; 
 (ii)  modernize analytic systems, including through the acquisition, development, or application of automated tools; and 136 STAT. 3509 
 (iii)  establish standards and policies regarding the acquisition, treatment, and sharing of open source, publicly and commercially available information. 
 
 
 (3)  Duration .— The pilot program required by paragraph (1) shall be carried out during a 3-year period. 
 
 (b)  Plan and Report Required .— (1)  Definition of appropriate committees of congress .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Plan .— (A)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Homeland Security, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a plan to carry out the pilot program required by subsection (a)(1). 
 (B)  Contents .— The plan submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i)  List. A list, developed in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce and the Secretary of Homeland Security, of the activities of the Department of Commerce and the Department of Homeland Security that will be supported by the pilot program. 
 (ii)  A plan for measuring the effectiveness of the pilot program and the value of open source, publicly and commercially available information to the export control and investment screening missions. 
 
 
 (3)  Report .— (A)  In general .— Not later than 540 days after the date on which the Director submits the plan under paragraph (2)(A), the Director shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the findings of the Director with respect to the pilot program. 
 (B)  Assessments. Contents .— The report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i)  An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of providing information as described in subsection (a)(1). 
 (ii)  An assessment of the value of open source, publicly and commercially available information to the export control and investment screening missions, using the measures of effectiveness under paragraph (2)(B)(ii). 
 (iii)  Identification of opportunities for and barriers to more effective use of open source, publicly and commercially available information by the intelligence community. 136 STAT. 3510