SEC. 6806.  REPORT ON INTERNATIONAL NORMS, RULES, AND PRINCIPLES APPLICABLE IN SPACE. (a)  Definition of Appropriate Committees of Congress .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (2)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; and 
 (4)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (b)  In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chair of the National Space Council,  136 STAT. 3596 
in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Commerce, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, and the heads of any other agencies as the Chair considers necessary, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on voluntary, non-legally binding responsible international norms, rules, and principles applicable in space. 
 (c)  Elements .— The report submitted under subsection (b) shall— (1)  identify threats to the interests of the United States in space that may be mitigated by voluntary, non-legally binding responsible international norms, rules, and principles; 
 (2)  identify opportunities for the United States to influence voluntary, non-legally binding responsible international norms, rules, and principles applicable in space, including through bilateral and multilateral engagement; 
 (3)  Assessment. assess the willingness of space faring foreign nations to adhere to voluntary, non-legally-binding responsible international norms, rules, or principles applicable in space; 
 (4)  List. Time period. include a list and description of known or suspected adversary offensive weapon systems that could be used to degrade or destroy satellites in orbit during the previous five years; 
 (5)  List. Time period. include a list and description of known or suspected adversary offensive weapon systems in development that could be used to degrade or destroy satellites that are anticipated to be put operational during the course of the next five years; and 
 (6)  Analysis. include an analysis of the extent to which adversary space faring foreign nations use civilian and commercial space assets, and civilian and commercial space relationship, to advance military and intelligence programs and activities. 
 
 (d)  Input From Commercial Space Sector .— In identifying threats under subsection (c)(1), the Chair of the National Space Council shall obtain input from the commercial space sector. 
 (e)  Form .— The report submitted under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.