SEC. 6722.  Assessments. REPORT ON POTENTIAL BENEFITS OF ESTABLISHMENT OF ICWERX. (a)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency and the Director of the National Security Agency, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives an assessment of whether the intelligence community would benefit from the establishment of a new organization to be known as “ICWERX”, the mission and activities of which would incorporate lessons learned from AFWERX of the Air Force (or such successor program), the Defense Innovation Unit of the Department of Defense, In-Q-Tel, and other programs sponsored by the Federal Government with a focus on accelerating the adoption of emerging technologies for mission-relevant applications or innovation. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Review. A review of the existing avenues for small- and medium-sized emerging technology companies to provide to the intelligence community artificial intelligence or other technology solutions, including an identification, for each of the 5 years preceding the year in which the report is submitted, of the annual number of such companies that have provided the intelligence community with such solutions. 
 (2)  Review. A review of the existing processes by which the heads of the elements of the intelligence community acquire and transition commercial research of small- and medium-sized emerging technology companies in a prototype or other early developmental stage. 
 (3)  An assessment of— (A)  whether the intelligence community is currently postured to incorporate the technological innovations of emerging technology companies, including in software and hardware; and 
 (B)  any areas in which the intelligence community lacks resources, authorities, personnel, expertise, or institutional mechanisms necessary for such incorporation. 
 
 (4)  An assessment of whether a potential ICWERX would be positioned to— (A)  assist small emerging technology companies, and potentially medium-sized emerging technology companies, in accelerating the procurement and fielding of innovative technologies; and 136 STAT. 3581 
 (B)  provide the intelligence community with greater access to innovative companies at the forefront of emerging technologies. 
 
 (5)  An assessment of the potential costs and benefits associated with the establishment of ICWERX in accordance with subsection (a).