SEC. 6526.  REPORT ON GLOBAL CCP FINANCING OF PORT INFRASTRUCTURE. (a)  Definition of Appropriate Congressional Committees .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (b)  In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report documenting all Chinese financing of port infrastructure globally, during the period beginning on January 1, 2012, and ending on the date of the submission of the report, and the commercial and economic implications of such investments. The report shall also include the following: (1)  Review. A review of existing and potential or planned future Chinese financing, including financing by government entities, and state-owned enterprises, in port infrastructure at such ports. 
 (2)  Any known Chinese interest in establishing a military or intelligence presence at or near such ports. 
 (3)  Assessment. An assessment of China’s current and potential future ability to leverage commercial ports for military or intelligence collection purposes and the implications of such ability for the national security of the United States and allies and partners of the United States. 
 (4)  A description of activities undertaken by the United States and allies and partners of the United States to help identify and provide alternatives to Chinese investments in port infrastructure. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The report required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex produced consistent with the protection of sources and methods.