SEC. 6817.  REPORT ON STRENGTHENING WORKFORCE DIVERSITY PLANNING AND OVERSIGHT. (a)  Assessment. Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the heads of the elements of the intelligence community, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report discussing steps to enhance the strategic planning for, measure the progress of, and assess barriers to workforce diversity in the intelligence community. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: 136 STAT. 3610 (1)  A discussion of existing, updated, or new guidance requiring all elements of the intelligence community to maintain current and complete diversity strategic plans that contain specific objectives, timeframes, and responsibilities. 
 (2)  A discussion of progress made by individual elements toward maintaining such plans. 
 (3)  A discussion of existing, updated, or new guidance to ensure individual elements develop performance measures to assess the contribution of activities toward achieving diversity goals and overall progress. 
 (4)  A discussion of progress made by individual elements toward developing measures to assess progress toward achieving diversity management efforts. 
 (5)  A discussion of existing, updated, or new guidance ensuring that each element routinely identifies and takes steps toward eliminating barriers to workforce diversity. 
 (6)  A discussion of steps taken by the Director to ensure that individual elements are routinely completing required assessments to identify and eliminate barriers to diversity. 
 (7)  A discussion of steps taken by the Director to establish specific implementation objectives and timeframes for the elements that support intelligence community-wide diversity goals to ensure the elements are held accountable for making progress.