SEC. 622.  EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO REIMBURSE A MEMBER OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES FOR SPOUSAL BUSINESS COSTS ARISING FROM A PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION. (a)  In General .— Section 453 of title 37, United States Code ,  is amended , in subsection (g)— (1)  in the heading, by  inserting  “ or Business Costs ” after “ Relicensing Costs ”; 
 (2)  in paragraph (1), by  inserting  “ or qualified business costs ” after “ qualified relicensing costs ”; 136 STAT. 2626 
 (3)  in paragraph (2)— (A)  by  inserting  “ (A) ” before “ Reimbursement ”; 
 (B)  by  inserting  “ for qualified relicensing costs ” after “ subsection ”; 
 (C)  by  striking  “ $1000 ” and  inserting  “ $1,000 ”; and 
 (D)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraph: “(B)  Reimbursement provided to a member under this subsection for qualified business costs may not exceed $1,000 in connection with each reassignment described in paragraph (1).” 
 ; 
 
 (4)  in paragraph (3), by  inserting  “ or qualified business costs ” after “ qualified relicensing costs ”; 
 (5)  in paragraph (4)— (A)  in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by  inserting  “ business license, permit, ” after “ courses, ”; 
 (B)  in subparagraph (A)— (i)  by  inserting  “ , or owned a business, ” before “ during ”; 
 (ii)  by  inserting  “ professional ” before “ license ”; and 
 (iii)  by  inserting  “ , or business license or permit, ” after “ certification ”; and 
 
 (C)  in subparagraph (B)— (i)  by  inserting  “ professional ” before “ license ”; and 
 (ii)  by  inserting  “ , or business license or permit, ” after “ certification ”; and 
 
 
 (6)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(5)  Definition. In this subsection, the term ‘ qualified business costs ’ means costs, including moving services for equipment, equipment removal, new equipment purchases, information technology expenses, and inspection fees, incurred by the spouse of a member if— “(A)  the spouse owned a business during the member’s previous duty assignment and the costs result from a movement described in paragraph (1)(B) in connection with the member’s change in duty location pursuant to reassignment described in paragraph (1)(A); and 
 “(B)  the costs were incurred or paid to move such business to a new location in connection with such reassignment.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary of a military department shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing regarding implementation of the amendments made by subsection (a), including— (1)  the number of times such Secretary used the authority under such amendments; and 
 (2)  the costs to the Federal Government arising from such usage.