SEC. 6527.  SENSE OF CONGRESS ON PROVISION OF SUPPORT BY INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY FOR ATROCITY PREVENTION AND ACCOUNTABILITY. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Atrocities .— The term “ atrocities ” has the meaning given that term in section 6 of the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–441 ;  132 Stat. 5586 ). 
 (2)  Atrocity crime scene .— The term “ atrocity crime scene ” means 1 or more locations that are relevant to the investigation of an atrocity, including buildings or locations (including bodies of water) where physical evidence may be collected relating to the perpetrators, victims, and events of the atrocity, such as mass graves and other sites containing deceased individuals. 136 STAT. 3556 
 
 (b)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that the efforts of the United States Government regarding atrocity prevention and response through interagency coordination, such as the Atrocity Warning Task Force, are critically important and that the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense should, as appropriate and in compliance with the American Servicemembers’ Protection Act of 2002 ( 22 U.S.C. 7421 et seq. ), do the following: (1)  Require each element of the intelligence community to support the Atrocity Warning Task Force in its mission to prevent genocide and atrocities through policy formulation and program development by— (A)  collecting and analyzing intelligence identified as an atrocity, as defined in the Elie Wiesel Genocide and Atrocities Prevention Act of 2018 ( Public Law 115–441 ;  132 Stat. 5586 ); 
 (B)  preparing unclassified intelligence data and geospatial imagery products for coordination with appropriate domestic, foreign, and international courts and tribunals prosecuting persons responsible for crimes for which such imagery and intelligence may provide evidence (including genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes, including with respect to missing persons and suspected atrocity crime scenes); and 
 (C)  reassessing archived geospatial imagery containing indicators of war crimes, other atrocities, forced disappearances, and atrocity crime scenes. 
 
 (2)  Continue to make available inputs to the Atrocity Warning Task Force for the development of the Department of State Atrocity Early Warning Assessment and share open-source data to support pre-atrocity and genocide indicators and warnings to the Atrocity Warning Task Force. 
 (3)  Provide the President and Congress with recommendations to improve policies, programs, resources, and tools relating to atrocity intelligence collection and interagency coordination. 
 (4)  Regularly consult and participate with designated interagency representatives of relevant agencies and departments of the United States Government. 
 (5)  Ensure resources are made available for the policies, programs, and tools relating to atrocity intelligence collection and coordination with the Atrocity Warning Task Force.