SEC. 6516.  INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY ASSESSMENT REGARDING RUSSIAN GRAY ZONE ASSETS. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; 
 (C)  the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
 (D)  the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and 
 (E)  the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 136 STAT. 3549 
 
 (2)  Gray zone activity .— The term “ gray zone activity ” has the meaning given that term in section 825 of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–103 ). 
 (3)  Gray zone asset .— The term “ gray zone asset ”— (A)  means an entity or proxy that is controlled, in whole or in part, by a foreign adversary of the United States and is used by such foreign adversary in connection with a gray zone activity; and 
 (B)  includes a state-owned enterprise of a foreign adversary that is so used. 
 
 
 (b)  Intelligence Community Assessment Regarding Russian Gray Zone Assets .— (1)  Intelligence community assessment .— The Director of National Intelligence, acting through the National Intelligence Council, shall produce an intelligence community assessment that contains— (A)  a description of the gray zone assets of Russia; 
 (B)  an identification of any opportunities to hold such gray zone assets at risk, as a method of influencing the behavior of Russia; and 
 (C)  an assessment of the risks and potential benefits, with respect to the interests of the United States, that may result from the seizure of such gray zone assets to hold the assets at risk. 
 
 (2)  Considerations .— In identifying opportunities to hold a gray zone asset of Russia at risk under paragraph (1)(B), the National Intelligence Council shall consider the following: (A)  The effect on civilians of holding the gray zone asset at risk. 
 (B)  The extent to which the gray zone asset is substantially state-owned or substantially controlled by Russia. 
 (C)  The likelihood that holding the gray zone asset at risk will influence the behavior of Russia. 
 (D)  The likelihood that holding the gray asset at risk, or degrading the asset, will affect any attempt of Russia to use force to change existing borders or undermine the political independence or territorial integrity of any state, including Ukraine. 
 (E)  Such other factors as the National Intelligence Council may determine appropriate. 
 
 (3)  List. Appendix .— The intelligence community assessment under paragraph (1) shall include an appendix that contains a list of the categories of gray zone assets of Russia, with specific examples of— (A)  gray zone assets in each category; and 
 (B)  for each such gray zone asset listed, the ways in which Russia uses the asset to advance its gray zone activities. 
 
 (4)  Submission .— The Director, consistent with the protection of sources and methods, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the intelligence community assessment under paragraph (1). 
 (5)  Form .— The intelligence community assessment under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 136 STAT. 3550