SEC. 627.  37 USC 454 note . PILOT PROGRAM TO REIMBURSE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR CERTAIN CHILD CARE COSTS INCIDENT TO A PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION OR ASSIGNMENT. (a)  Establishment .— The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to reimburse members of the Armed Forces for certain child care costs incident to a permanent change of station or assignment. 
 (b)  Travel and Transportation Allowances .— Under the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall treat a designated child care provider as an authorized traveler if child care is not available to a member of the Armed Forces at a military child development center at the permanent duty location of such member not later than 30 days after the member arrives at such location. 
 (c)  Reimbursement of Certain Child Care Costs .— (1)  Authority .— Under the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense may reimburse a member of the Armed Forces for travel expenses for a designated child care provider when— (A)  the member is reassigned, either as a permanent change of station or permanent change of assignment, to a new duty station; 
 (B)  the movement of the member’s dependents is authorized at the expense of the United States under  section 451 of title 37, United States Code , as part of the reassignment; 
 (C)  child care is not available at a military child development center at such duty station not later than 30 days after the member arrives at such duty station; and 
 (D)  the dependent child is on the wait list for child care at such military child development center. 
 
 (2)  Maximum amounts .— Reimbursement provided to a member under this subsection may not exceed— (A)  $500 for a reassignment between duty stations within the continental United States; and 
 (B)  $1,500 for a reassignment involving a duty station outside of the continental United States. 
 
 (3)  Deadline .— A member may not apply for reimbursement under this subsection later than one year after a reassignment described in paragraph (1). 
 (4)  Concurrent receipt prohibited .— In the event a household contains more than one member eligible for  136 STAT. 2631 
reimbursement under this subsection, reimbursement may be paid to one member among such members as such members shall jointly elect. 
 
 (d)  Recommenda- tions. Report .— Not later than January 1, 2027, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the pilot program, including the recommendation of the Secretary whether to make the pilot program permanent. 
 (e)  Termination .— The pilot program shall terminate on September 30, 2028. 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ authorized traveler ” has the meaning given such term in  section 451 of title 37, United States Code . 
 (2)  The term “ designated child care provider ” means an adult selected by a member of the armed forces to provide child care to a dependent child of such member. 
 (3)  The term “ military child development center ” has the meaning given such term in  section 1800 of title 10, United States Code .