SEC. 665.  STUDIES ON COMPENSATION FOR DOD CHILD CARE PROVIDERS. (a)  In General .— (1)  Studies required .— The Secretary of Defense shall, for each geographic area in which the Secretary of a military department operates a military child development center, conduct a study— (A)  comparing the total compensation, including all pay and benefits, of child care employees of each military child development center in the geographic area to the total compensation of similarly credentialed employees in such geographic area; and 
 (B)  Estimate. estimating the difference in average pay and the difference in average benefits between such child care employees. 
 
 (2)  Deadlines. Schedule .— The Secretary of Defense shall complete the studies required under paragraph (1)— (A)  for the geographic areas containing the military installations with the 25 longest wait lists for child care services at military child development centers, not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
 (B)  for geographic areas other than geographic areas described in subparagraph (A), not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 
 (3)  Summaries. Reports .— (A)  Interim report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report summarizing the results of the studies required under paragraph (1) that have been completed as of the date of the submission of such report. 
 (B)  Final report .— Not later than 120 days after the completion of all the studies required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report summarizing the results of such studies. 
 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ benefits ” includes— (A)  retirement benefits; 
 (B)  any insurance premiums paid by an employer; 
 (C)  education benefits, including tuition reimbursement and student loan repayment; and 136 STAT. 2643 
 (D)  any other compensation an employer provides to an employee for service performed as an employee (other than pay), as determined appropriate by the Secretary of Defense. 
 
 (2)  The terms “child care employee” and “military child development center” have the meanings given such terms in  section 1800 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (3)  The term “ pay ” includes the basic rate of pay of an employee and any additional payments an employer pays to an employee for service performed as an employee.