SEC. 6815.  PLAN REGARDING SOCIAL MEDIA DATA AND THREAT ANALYSIS CENTER. (a)  Definition of Appropriate Congressional Committees .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” has the meaning given that term in section 5323(h) of the Damon Paul Nelson and Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018, 2019, and 2020 ( 50 U.S.C. 3369(h) ). 
 (b)  Deadline. Plan .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan to operationalize the Social Media Data and Threat Analysis Center in accordance with section 5323 of the Damon Paul Nelson and Matthew Young  136 STAT. 3608 
Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018, 2019, and 2020 ( 50 U.S.C. 3369 ). 
 (c)  Elements .— The plan under subsection (b) shall include a description of how the Social Media Data and Threat Analysis Center shall— (1)  Coordination. Determinations. coordinate with social media companies, independent organizations and researchers, and other public-facing internet-based platforms to determine— (A)  what categories of data and metadata are useful indicators of internet-based foreign malign influence activities; and 
 (B)  how such data and metadata may be shared effectively with the Center and with independent organizations and researchers while protecting the privacy and civil liberties of United States users of social media platforms and other public-facing internet-based platforms; and 
 
 (2)  Criteria. develop criteria under which social media companies and other public-facing internet-based platforms share indicators of internet-based foreign malign influence activities with the Center and independent organizations and researchers, including a description of— (A)  the timeliness and consistency of such sharing of indicators; 
 (B)  the categories of indicators to be shared; and 
 (C)  the protection, in consultation with the head of the Office of Civil Liberties, Privacy, and Transparency as may be appropriate, of privacy, civil liberties, and constitutionally protected activities of users of social media platforms and other public-facing internet-based platforms.