SEC. 6315.  UNFUNDED PRIORITIES OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY.   Title V of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq. )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section (and conforming the table of contents at the beginning of such Act accordingly): 136 STAT. 3512 
 “SEC. 514.  50 USC 3113 . UNFUNDED PRIORITIES OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY: ANNUAL REPORT. “(a)  Annual Report .— Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the President for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code , the head of each element of the intelligence community shall submit to the Director of National Intelligence, the congressional intelligence committees, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the unfunded priorities of the programs under the jurisdiction of such head. 
 “(b)  Elements .— “(1)  In general .— Each report under subsection (a) shall specify, for each unfunded priority covered by such report, the following: “(A)  Summary. A summary description of such priority, including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded (whether in whole or in part). 
 “(B)  Whether such priority will satisfy a covert action or support collection against requirements identified in the National Intelligence Priorities Framework of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (or any successor mechanism established for the prioritization of programs and activities), including a description of such requirements and the related prioritization level. 
 “(C)  The additional amount of funds recommended in connection with the objectives under subparagraph (A). 
 “(D)  Budget information with respect to the unfunded priority, including— “(i)  the appropriation account; 
 “(ii)  the expenditure center; and 
 “(iii)  the project and, if applicable, subproject. 
 
 
 “(2)  Prioritization of priorities .— Each report shall present the unfunded priorities covered by such report in overall order of urgency of priority among unfunded priorities. 
 
 “(c)  Unfunded Priority Defined .— In this section, the term ‘ unfunded priority ’, in the case of a fiscal year, means a program, activity, or mission requirement of an element of the intelligence community that— “(1)  is not funded in the budget of the President for the fiscal year as submitted to Congress pursuant to  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code ; 
 “(2)  is necessary to fulfill a covert action or to satisfy an information requirement associated with the collection, analysis, or dissemination of intelligence that has been documented within the National Intelligence Priorities Framework; and 
 “(3)  would have been recommended for funding by the head of the element of the intelligence community if— “(A)  additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mission requirement; or 
 “(B)  the program, activity, or mission requirement has emerged since the budget was formulated.” 
 
 
 
 . 136 STAT. 3513