SEC. 6819.  Deadline. 6 USC 125 note . BRIEFING ON DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (A)  The congressional intelligence committees. 
 (B)  The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
 (C)  The Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Component of the department of homeland security .— The term “ component of the Department of Homeland Security ” means the following components of the Department of Homeland Security: (A)  The Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Threat Management Division. 
 (B)  The Federal Emergency Management Agency Protection and National Preparedness, Office of Counterterrorism and Security Preparedness. 
 (C)  The Transportation Security Administration Office of Intelligence and Analysis. 
 (D)  The United States Citizenship and Immigration Services Fraud Detection and National Security Directorate, Field Operations Directorate, and Collateral Duty Intelligence. 
 (E)  The United States Customs and Border Protection Office of Intelligence. 
 (F)  The United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations, Office of Intelligence, and Special Agent in Charge Intelligence Program. 
 
 (3)  Intelligence activity .— The term “ intelligence activity ” shall be interpreted consistent with how such term is used in section 502 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3092 ). 136 STAT. 3612 
 
 (b)  Briefing on Intelligence Activities .— Consistent with section 501 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3091 ), not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Intelligence Officer of the Department of Homeland Security shall provide the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the intelligence activities of elements of the Department of Homeland Security that are not elements of the intelligence community. Such briefing shall include the following: (1)  Time period. A comprehensive description of all intelligence activities conducted during the period beginning on January 1, 2018, and ending on the date of the briefing, by any component of the Department of Homeland Security that conducts intelligence activities. 
 (2)  With respect to each such intelligence activity, a description of the activity, including, at a minimum— (A)  the nature of the activity; 
 (B)  the component undertaking the activity; 
 (C)  the legal authority for such activity; and 
 (D)  the source of funding for such activity. 
 
 (3)  A description and the quantity of any types of finished intelligence products, or intelligence information reports, produced or contributed to by a component of the Department of Homeland Security that conducts intelligence activities during the period specified in paragraph (1). 
 (4)  An identification of any external or internal guidelines, policies, processes, practices, or programs governing the collection, retention, analysis, or dissemination by such a component of information regarding United States citizens, lawful permanent residents of the United States, or individuals located within the United States. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The briefing under subsection (b) may be provided in classified form. 
 (d)  Additional Briefings .— Not later than 1 year after the date on which the Chief Intelligence Officer provides the briefing under subsection (b) and not less frequently than once each year thereafter, the Chief Intelligence Officer shall provide the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on any new intelligence activities commenced by any component of the Department of Homeland Security and any that have been terminated.