SEC. 6814.  REPORTS RELATING TO PROGRAMS OF RECORD OF NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. (a)  Findings .— Congress finds the following: (1)  The comprehensive identification of National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency programs and activities, to include significant, enduring programs determined by the Agency to be “programs of record”, is a critical element for enabling budget auditability and oversight by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Office of Management and Budget, and the congressional intelligence committees. 
 (2)  In order to improve how the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency justifies and oversees resources in support of core missions and authorities, the Agency has committed to establish a deliberate acquisition structure, modeled after Department of Defense best practices, with programs and activities aligned under a Program Executive Office structure. 
 (3)  Establishing an effective Program Executive Office structure at the National Geospatial-intelligence Agency will ensure clearly articulated acquisition efforts that have defined requirements and program scope with traceability from capabilities to deliverables to Programs of Record to budget materials. 
 
 (b)  Reports Required .— (1)  Reports to congressional intelligence committees and defense subcommittees of congressional appropriations committees .— Not later than February 1, 2023, the Director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives reports on the programs and activities of the Agency. Such reports shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A)  An identification of any definition for the term “ program of record ” used by the Agency during the period beginning October 1, 2017, and ending on the date of the submission of the report. 
 (B)  A detailed description of each current program and activity of the Agency, including each current program of record of the Agency. 
 (C)  A detailed explanation of how funding and other information relating to each such program of record or other program or activity may be located within the budget justification materials submitted to Congress. 
 (D)  Review. An in-process review of the program element office planning and implementation efforts. 136 STAT. 3607 
 (E)  Identification of limitations and additional support required by the Agency to implement program element offices and related changes to financial management systems. 
 
 (2)  Report to congressional intelligence and defense committees .— (A)  Definition of appropriate congressional committees .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (i)  the congressional intelligence committees; and 
 (ii)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (iii)  the Committee on Armed Services and Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (B)  Report required .— Not later than February 1, 2023, the Director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the programs and activities of the Agency that are funded in full or in part under the Military Intelligence Program. Such report shall include, at a minimum, the following: (i)  An identification of any definition for the term “ program of record ” used by the Agency during the period beginning October 1, 2017 and ending on the date of the submission of the report. 
 (ii)  A detailed description of each current program and activity of the Agency funded in full or in part under the Military Intelligence Program, including each current program of record of the Agency funded in full or in part under the Military Intelligence Program. 
 (iii)  A detailed explanation of how funding and other information relating to each such program of record or other program or activity funded in full or in part under the Military Intelligence Program may be located within the budget justification materials submitted to Congress. 
 
 
 (3)  Form .— Each report under this subsection may be submitted in classified form.