SEC. 6821.  REPORT ON NATIONAL SPACE INTELLIGENCE CENTER. (a)  Report .— Not later than March 1, 2023, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the Chief of Space Operations, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the National Space Intelligence Center. 
 (b)  Matters Included .— The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  A description of the status of the National Space Intelligence Center since the activation of the Center and the implications of the Center being aligned under a Field Command rather than a field operating agency aligned to the Director of Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance of the Space Force. 
 (2)  Review. A review of the ability of the Center to address the full set of national space intelligence analytical demands (including with respect to acquisition and operational mission requirements of the Space Force, the Department of Defense, the intelligence community, and other national customers) while being assigned as a subordinate to Space Operations Command, a Field Command, including— (A)  Assessment. an assessment of the ability of the Center to respond to the broadest space intelligence requirements as compared to a service specific need; and 
 (B)  a review specifically addressing any perceived mission misalignment, potential mitigating measures, or other structural organization concerns. 
 
 (3)  Assessment. An assessment of— (A)  the current resourcing posture, including any additional personnel required as a result of subordination to a Field Command; and 
 (B)  the resourcing posture if the Center were aligned to the Director of Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance of the Space Force as described in paragraph (1). 
 
 (4)  Lessons learned since unit activation, including with respect to— (A)  organizational efficiencies and inefficiencies; 
 (B)  financial implications; 
 (C)  organizational redundancy; 
 (D)  parity mismatch and synergies with other service intelligence centers; and 
 (E)  lessons learned through comparisons to other service intelligence centers organized as a field operating agency and aligned under the senior intelligence officer of the respective Armed Force. 
 
 
 (c)  Form .— The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Appropriate Congressional Committees .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (1)  The congressional intelligence committees. 
 (2)  The congressional defense committees (as defined in  section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code ). 136 STAT. 3614