SEC. 6316.  SUBMISSION OF COVERED DOCUMENTS AND CLASSIFIED ANNEXES. (a)  Requirement .— Title V of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq. ), as amended by section 6315, is further amended by  adding  at the end the following new section (and conforming the table of contents at the beginning of such Act accordingly): “SEC. 515.  50 USC  3114 . SUBMISSION OF COVERED DOCUMENTS AND CLASSIFIED ANNEXES. “(a)  Covered Document Defined .— In this section, the term ‘ covered document ’ means any executive order, memorandum, or policy directive issued by the President, including national security Presidential memoranda and Presidential policy directives, or such successor memoranda and directives. 
 “(b)  Deadline. Requirement .— Not later than 7 days after the date on which the President issues or amends a covered document, the President, acting through the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives the covered document and any classified annex accompanying that document if such covered document or annex contains a direction to, establishes a requirement for, or includes a restriction on any element of the intelligence community.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Deadline. 50 USC 3114 note . Initial Submission .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives each covered document and classified annex required under section 515 of the National Security Act of 1947, as added by subsection (a), in effect as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
 (c)  Repeal .— Section 310 of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 115–31 ;  50 U.S.C. 3312 ) is hereby  repealed .