SEC. 6808.  ASSESSMENT OF IMPACT OF RUSSIA’S INVASION OF UKRAINE ON FOOD SECURITY. (a)  Definition of Appropriate Committees of Congress .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (b)  Assessment .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research and such other heads of elements of the intelligence community as the Director determines appropriate, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an assessment of the current and potential impact of the invasion by Russia of Ukraine on global food security. 
 (2)  Elements .— The assessment under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  An assessment of the current and potential impact of the invasion by Russia of Ukraine on food security, disaggregated by region. 
 (B)  Analysis. An analysis of the potential for political instability and security crises to occur as a result of such food insecurity, disaggregated by region. 
 (C)  A description of the factors that could reduce or increase the effects of such food insecurity on political stability and security, disaggregated by region. 
 (D)  An assessment of the efforts of Russia to steal grain from illegally occupied territories in Ukraine and a list of customers who have purchased such stolen grain. 
 (E)  An assessment of whether Russia has taken intentional steps to cause a global food shortage. 
 
 (3)  Form .— The assessment under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the assessment prepared under subsection (b)(1) is completed, the Director of National Intelligence shall brief the appropriate committees of Congress on the findings of the Director with respect to the assessment. 136 STAT. 3599