SEC. 7136.  6 USC 225 . REPORTS, EVALUATIONS, AND RESEARCH REGARDING DRUG INTERDICTION AT AND BETWEEN PORTS OF ENTRY. (a)  Research on Additional Technologies to Detect Fentanyl .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, shall research additional technological solutions to— (1)  target and detect illicit fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and precursor chemicals, including low-purity fentanyl, especially in counterfeit pressed tablets, and illicit pill press molds; and 
 (2)  enhance detection of such counterfeit pressed tablets through nonintrusive, noninvasive, and other advanced screening technologies. 
 
 (b)  Evaluation of Current Technologies and Strategies in Illicit Drug Interdiction and Procurement Decisions .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, shall establish a program to collect available data and develop metrics to measure how technologies and strategies used by the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and other relevant Federal agencies have helped detect trafficked illicit fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and precursor chemicals or deter illicit fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and precursor chemicals from being trafficked into the United States at and between land, air, and sea ports of entry. 136 STAT. 3651 
 (2)  Considerations .— The data and metrics program established pursuant to paragraph (1) may consider— (A)  the rate of detection of illicit fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and precursor chemicals at land, air, and sea ports of entry; 
 (B)  investigations and intelligence sharing into the origins of illicit fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and precursor chemicals within the United States; and 
 (C)  other data or metrics considered appropriate by the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
 
 (3)  Updates .— The Secretary of Homeland Security, as appropriate and in the coordination with the officials referred to in paragraph (1), may update the data and metrics program established pursuant to paragraph (1). 
 (4)  Reports .— (A)  Examinations. Analyses. Secretary of homeland security .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and biennially thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy shall, based on the data collected and metrics developed pursuant to the program established pursuant to paragraph (1), submit to the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report that— (i)  examines and analyzes current technologies, including pilot technologies, deployed at land, air, and sea ports of entry to assess how well such technologies detect, deter, and address illicit fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and precursor chemicals; and 
 (ii)  examines and analyzes current technologies, including pilot technologies, deployed between land ports of entry to assess how well and accurately such technologies detect, deter, interdict, and address illicit fentanyl, fentanyl analogs, and precursor chemicals; 
 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. Government accountability office .— Not later than one year after the submission of each of the first three reports required under subparagraph (A), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate a report that evaluates and, as appropriate, makes recommendations to improve, the collection of data under the program established pursuant to paragraph (1) and metrics used in the subsequent reports required under such subparagraph. 136 STAT. 3652