SEC. 742.  FEASIBILITY STUDY ON ESTABLISHMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTERNSHIP PROGRAMS RELATING TO CIVILIAN BEHAVIORAL HEALTH PROVIDERS. (a)  Feasibility Study .— The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing paid pre-doctoral and post-doctoral internship programs for the purpose of training clinical psychologists to work as covered civilian behavioral health providers. 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The feasibility study under subsection (a) shall assess, with respect to the potential internship programs specified in such subsection, the following: (1)  Contracts. A model under which, as a condition of participating in such an internship program, the participant would enter into an agreement with the Secretary under which the participant agrees to work on a full-time basis as a covered civilian behavioral health provider for a period of a duration that is at least equivalent to the period of participation in such internship program. 
 (2)  Determination. Requirement. Methods by which the Secretary may address scenarios in which an individual who participates in such an internship program does not complete the employment obligation required under the agreement referred to in paragraph (1), including  136 STAT. 2681 
by requiring the individual to repay to the Secretary a prorated portion of the cost of administering such program (to be determined by the Secretary) with respect to such individual and of any payment received by the individual under such program. 
 (3)  The methods by which the Secretary may adjust the workload and staffing of behavioral health providers in military medical treatment facilities to ensure sufficient capacity to supervise participants in such internship programs. 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing the findings of the feasibility study under subsection (a). 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ behavioral health ” includes psychiatry, clinical psychology, social work, counseling, and related fields. 
 (2)  The term “ behavioral health provider ” includes the following: (A)  A licensed professional counselor. 
 (B)  A licensed mental health counselor. 
 (C)  A licensed clinical professional counselor. 
 (D)  A licensed professional clinical counselor of mental health. 
 (E)  A licensed clinical mental health counselor. 
 (F)  A licensed mental health practitioner. 
 
 (3)  The term “ covered civilian behavioral health provider ” means a civilian behavioral health provider whose employment by the Secretary of Defense involves the provision of behavioral health services at a military medical treatment facility. 
 (4)  The term “ civilian behavioral health provider ” means a behavioral health provider who is a civilian employee of the Department of Defense. 
 (5)  The term “ military medical treatment facility ” means a facility specified in  section 1073d of title 10, United States Code .