SEC. 746.  REPORTS ON COMPOSITION OF MEDICAL PERSONNEL OF EACH MILITARY DEPARTMENT AND RELATED MATTERS. (a)  Reports .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for three years, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the composition of the medical personnel of each military department and related matters. 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— Each report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  With respect to each military department, the following: (A)  An identification of the number of medical personnel of the military department who are officers in a grade above O–6. 
 (B)  An identification of the number of such medical personnel who are officers in a grade below O–7. 
 (C)  Plans. A description of any plans of the Secretary to— (i)  reduce the total number of such medical personnel; or 
 (ii)  eliminate any covered position for such medical personnel. 
 
 (D)  Recommenda- tions. A recommendation by the Secretary for the number of covered positions for such medical personnel that should be required for purposes of maximizing medical readiness (without regard to current statutory limitations, or potential future statutory limitations, on such number), presented as a total number for each military department and disaggregated by grade. 
 
 (2)  An assessment of the grade for the position of the Medical Officer of the Marine Corps, including— (A)  a comparison of the effects of filling such position with an officer in the grade of O–6 versus an officer in the grade of O–7; 
 (B)  an assessment of potential issues associated with the elimination of such position; and 
 (C)  a description of any potential effects of such elimination with respect to medical readiness. 
 
 (3)  An assessment of all covered positions for medical personnel of the military departments, including the following: (A)  The total number of authorizations for such covered positions, disaggregated by— (i)  whether the authorization is for a position in a reserve component; and 
 (ii)  whether the position so authorized is filled or vacant. 
 
 (B)  A description of any medical- or health-related specialty requirements for such covered positions. 
 (C)  For each such covered position, an identification of the title and geographic location of, and a summary of the responsibility description for, the position. 
 (D)  For each such covered position, an identification of the span of control of the position, including with respect to the highest grade at which each such position has been filled. 
 (E)  Time period. An identification of any downgrading, upgrading, or other changes to such covered positions occurring during  136 STAT. 2688 
the 10-year period preceding the date of the report, and an assessment of whether any such changes have resulted in the transfer of responsibilities previously assigned to such a covered position to— (i)  a position in the Senior Executive Service or another executive personnel position; or 
 (ii)  a position other than a covered position. 
 
 (F)  A description of any officers in a grade above O–6 assigned to the Defense Health Agency, the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, the Joint Staff, or any other position within the military health system. 
 (G)  A description of the process by which the positions specified in subparagraph (F) are validated against military requirements or similar billet justification processes. 
 (H)  A side-by-side comparison demonstrating, across the military departments, the span of control and the responsibilities of covered positions for medical personnel of each military department. 
 
 
 (c)  Disaggregation of Certain Data .— The data specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (b)(1) shall be presented as a total number and disaggregated by each medical component of the respective military department. 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered position ” means a position for an officer in a grade above O–6. 
 (2)  The term “ officer ” has the meanings given that term in  section 101(b) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (3)  The term “ medical component ” means— (A)  in the case of the Army, the Medical Corps, Dental Corps, Nurse Corps, Medical Service Corps, Veterinary Corps, and Army Medical Specialist Corps; 
 (B)  in the case of the Air Force, members designated as medical officers, dental officers, Air Force nurses, medical service officers, and biomedical science officers; and 
 (C)  in the case of the Navy, the Medical Corps, Dental Corps, Nurse Corps, and Medical Service Corps. 
 
 (4)  The term “ medical personnel ” has the meaning given such term in  section 115a(e) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (5)  The term “ military department ” has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of such title.