SEC. 708.  GAO STUDY ON CERTAIN CONTRACTS RELATING TO TRICARE PROGRAM AND OVERSIGHT OF SUCH CONTRACTS. (a)  Study .— The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on certain contracts relating to the TRICARE program and the oversight provided by the Director of the Defense Health Agency with respect to such contracts. 
 (b)  Assessments. Time periods. Matters .— The study under subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the following: (1)  TRICARE managed care support contracts .— With respect to TRICARE managed care support contracts (including the TRICARE managed care support contract for which the Director of the Defense Health Agency published a request for proposals on April 15, 2021, commonly referred to as “T-5”), the process used in awarding such contracts. 
 (2)  Other contracts .— With respect to each contract relating to the TRICARE program other than a contract specified in paragraph (1) entered into by the Director of the Defense Health Agency during the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on September 30, 2022, where the value of such contract is greater than $500,000,000, the following: (A)  The total number of such contracts, disaggregated by fiscal year, contract type, type of product or service procured, and total expenditure under each such contract by fiscal year. 
 (B)  The total number of bid protests filed with respect to such contracts, and the outcome of such protests. 
 (C)  The total number of such contracts awarded through means other than full and open competition. 
 
 (3)  Defense health agency contract oversight .— With respect to the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on September 30, 2022, the following: (A)  The staff of the Defense Health Agency responsible for performing oversight of the contracts specified in paragraphs (1) and (2), including the following: (i)  The number of such staff. 
 (ii)  Any professional training requirements for such staff. 
 (iii)  Any acquisition certifications or accreditations held by such staff. 136 STAT. 2655 
 
 (B)  Any office or other element of the Defense Health Agency responsible for contract award, administration, or oversight with respect to the TRICARE program, including the organizational structure, responsibilities, authorities, and key roles of each such office or element. 
 (C)  The process used by the Director of the Defense Health Agency for determining staffing needs and competencies relating to contract award, administration, or oversight with respect to the TRICARE program. 
 
 
 (c)  Interim Briefing; Report .— (1)  Deadline. Interim briefing .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate an interim briefing on the study under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing the results of the study under subsection (a).