SEC. 7302.  6 USC 821 . DEFINITIONS.   In this subtitle: (1)  Administrator .— The term “ Administrator ” means the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
 (2)  Basic need .— The term “ basic need ”— (A)  means any good, service, or activity necessary to protect the health, safety, and general welfare of the civilian population of the United States; and 
 (B)  includes— (i)  food; 
 (ii)  water; 
 (iii)  shelter; 
 (iv)  basic communication services; 
 (v)  basic sanitation and health services; and 
 (vi)  public safety. 
 
 
 (3)  Catastrophic incident .— The term “ catastrophic incident ”— (A)  means any natural or man-made disaster that results in extraordinary levels of casualties or damage, mass evacuations, or disruption severely affecting the population, infrastructure, environment, economy, national morale, or government functions in an area; and 
 (B)  may include an incident— (i)  with a sustained national impact over a prolonged period of time; 
 (ii)  that may rapidly exceed resources available to State and local government and private sector authorities in the impacted area; or 
 (iii)  that may significantly interrupt governmental operations and emergency services to such an extent that national security could be threatened. 
 
 
 (4)  Critical infrastructure .— The term “ critical infrastructure ” has the meaning given such term in section 1016(e) of the Critical Infrastructure Protection Act of 2001 ( 42 U.S.C. 5195c(e) ). 
 (5)  Existential risk .— The term “ existential risk ” means the potential for an outcome that would result in human extinction. 
 (6)  Global catastrophic risk .— The term “ global catastrophic risk ” means the risk of events or incidents consequential enough to significantly harm or set back human civilization at the global scale. 
 (7)  Global catastrophic and existential threats .— The term “ global catastrophic and existential threats ” means threats that with varying likelihood may produce consequences severe enough to result in systemic failure or destruction of critical infrastructure or significant harm to human civilization. Examples of global catastrophic and existential threats include severe global pandemics, nuclear war, asteroid and comet impacts,  136 STAT. 3685 
supervolcanoes, sudden and severe changes to the climate, and intentional or accidental threats arising from the use and development of emerging technologies. 
 (8)  Indian tribal government .— The term “ Indian Tribal government ” has the meaning given the term “ Indian tribal government ” in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5122 ). 
 (9)  Local government; state .— The terms “local government” and “State” have the meanings given such terms in section 102 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act ( 42 U.S.C. 5122 ). 
 (10)  National exercise program .— The term “ national exercise program ” means activities carried out to test and evaluate the national preparedness goal and related plans and strategies as described in section 648(b) of the Post-Katrina Emergency Management Reform Act of 2006 ( 6 U.S.C. 748(b) ). 
 (11)  Secretary .— The term “ Secretary ” means the Secretary of Homeland Security.