SEC. 7242.  DEFINITIONS.   In this subtitle: (1)  Congressional leadership .— The term “ congressional leadership ” means the Speaker, majority leader, and minority  136 STAT. 3678 
leader of the House of Representatives and the majority leader and minority leader of the Senate. 
 (2)  Congressionally mandated report .— (A)  In general .— The term “ congressionally mandated report ” means a report of a Federal agency that is required by statute to be submitted to either House of Congress or any committee of Congress or subcommittee thereof. 
 (B)  Exclusions .— (i)  Patriotic and national organizations .— The term “ congressionally mandated report ” does not include a report required under  part B of subtitle II of title 36, United States Code . 
 (ii)  Inspectors general .— The term “ congressionally mandated report ” does not include a report by an office of an inspector general. 
 (iii)  National security exception .— The term “ congressionally mandated report ” does not include a report that is required to be submitted to one or more of the following committees: (I)  The Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, or the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
 (II)  The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, or the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
 
 
 
 (3)  Director .— The term “ Director ” means the Director of the Government Publishing Office. 
 (4)  Federal agency .— The term “ Federal agency ” has the meaning given the term “ federal agency ” under  section 102 of title 40, United States Code , but does not include the Government Accountability Office or an element of the intelligence community. 
 (5)  Intelligence community .— The term “ intelligence community ” has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 ). 
 (6)  Reports online portal .— The term “ reports online portal ” means the online portal established under section 5243(a).