SEC. 7233.  STRATEGIC GUIDANCE. (a)  Deadline. Coordination. Strategic plan. In General .— Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator, in consultation with the Director, shall coordinate with the heads of agencies to develop a comprehensive, strategic plan for Federal electric vehicle fleet battery management. 
 (b)  Contents .— The strategic plan required under subsection (a) shall— (1)  maximize both cost and environmental efficiencies; and 
 (2)  incorporate— (A)  guidelines for optimal charging practices that will maximize battery longevity and prevent premature degradation; 
 (B)  guidelines for reusing and recycling the batteries of retired vehicles; 
 (C)  guidelines for disposing electric vehicle batteries that cannot be reused or recycled; and 136 STAT. 3677 
 (D)  any other considerations determined appropriate by the Administrator and Director. 
 
 
 (c)  Modification .— The Administrator, in consultation with the Director, may periodically update the strategic plan required under subsection (a) as the Administrator and Director may determine necessary based on new information relating to electric vehicle batteries that becomes available. 
 (d)  Consultation .— In developing the strategic plan required under subsection (a) the Administrator, in consultation with the Director, may consult with appropriate entities, including— (1)  the Secretary of Energy; 
 (2)  the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
 (3)  the Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality; 
 (4)  scientists who are studying electric vehicle batteries and reuse and recycling solutions; 
 (5)  laboratories, companies, colleges, universities, or start-ups engaged in battery use, reuse, and recycling research; 
 (6)  industries interested in electric vehicle battery reuse and recycling; 
 (7)  electric vehicle equipment manufacturers and recyclers; and 
 (8)  any other relevant entities, as determined by the Administrator and Director. 
 
 (e)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator and the Director shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes the strategic plan required under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Briefing .— Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator and the Director shall brief the appropriate congressional committees on the implementation of the strategic plan required under subsection (a) across agencies.