SEC. 7243.  ESTABLISHMENT OF ONLINE PORTAL FOR CONGRESSIONALLY MANDATED REPORTS. (a)  Requirement To Establish Online Portal .— (1)  Public information. Records. In general .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall establish and maintain an online portal accessible by the public that allows the public to obtain electronic copies of congressionally mandated reports in one place. 
 (2)  Existing functionality .— To the extent possible, the Director shall meet the requirements under paragraph (1) by using existing online portals and functionality under the authority of the Director in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence. 
 (3)  Consultation .— In carrying out this subtitle, the Director shall consult with congressional leadership, the Clerk of the House of Representatives, the Secretary of the Senate,  136 STAT. 3679 
and the Librarian of Congress regarding the requirements for and maintenance of congressionally mandated reports on the reports online portal. 
 
 (b)  Content and Function .— The Director shall ensure that the reports online portal includes the following: (1)  Subject to subsection (c), with respect to each congressionally mandated report, each of the following: (A)  A citation to the statute requiring the report. 
 (B)  An electronic copy of the report, including any transmittal letter associated with the report, that— (i)  is based on an underlying open data standard that is maintained by a standards organization; 
 (ii)  allows the full text of the report to be searchable; and 
 (iii)  is not encumbered by any restrictions that would impede the reuse or searchability of the report. 
 
 (C)  The ability to retrieve a report, to the extent practicable, through searches based on each, and any combination, of the following: (i)  The title of the report. 
 (ii)  The reporting Federal agency. 
 (iii)  The date of publication. 
 (iv)  Each congressional committee or subcommittee receiving the report, if applicable. 
 (v)  The statute requiring the report. 
 (vi)  Subject tags. 
 (vii)  A unique alphanumeric identifier for the report that is consistent across report editions. 
 (viii)  The serial number, Superintendent of Documents number, or other identification number for the report, if applicable. 
 (ix)  Key words. 
 (x)  Full text search. 
 (xi)  Any other relevant information specified by the Director. 
 
 (D)  The date on which the report was required to be submitted, and on which the report was submitted, to the reports online portal. 
 (E)  To the extent practicable, a permanent means of accessing the report electronically. 
 
 (2)  A means for bulk download of all congressionally mandated reports. 
 (3)  A means for downloading individual reports as the result of a search. 
 (4)  An electronic means for the head of each Federal agency to submit to the reports online portal each congressionally mandated report of the agency, as required by sections 5244 and 5246. 
 (5)  List. In tabular form, a list of all congressionally mandated reports that can be searched, sorted, and downloaded by— (A)  reports submitted within the required time; 
 (B)  reports submitted after the date on which such reports were required to be submitted; and 
 (C)  to the extent practicable, reports not submitted. 
 
 
 (c)  Noncompliance by Federal Agencies .— 136 STAT. 3680 
 (1)  Reports not submitted .— If a Federal agency does not submit a congressionally mandated report to the Director, the Director shall to the extent practicable— (A)  include on the reports online portal— (i)  the information required under clauses (i), (ii), (iv), and (v) of subsection (b)(1)(C); and 
 (ii)  the date on which the report was required to be submitted; and 
 
 (B)  include the congressionally mandated report on the list described in subsection (b)(5)(C). 
 
 (2)  Reports not in open format .— If a Federal agency submits a congressionally mandated report that does not meet the criteria described in subsection (b)(1)(B), the Director shall still include the congressionally mandated report on the reports online portal. 
 
 (d)  Deadline .— The Director shall ensure that information required to be published on the reports online portal under this subtitle with respect to a congressionally mandated report or information required under subsection (c) of this section is published— (1)  not later than 30 days after the information is received from the Federal agency involved; or 
 (2)  in the case of information required under subsection (c), not later than 30 days after the deadline under this subtitle for the Federal agency involved to submit information with respect to the congressionally mandated report involved. 
 
 (e)  Exception for Certain Reports .— (1)  Notification. Exception described .— A congressionally mandated report which is required by statute to be submitted to a committee of Congress or a subcommittee thereof, including any transmittal letter associated with the report, shall not be submitted to or published on the reports online portal if the chair of a committee or subcommittee to which the report is submitted notifies the Director in writing that the report is to be withheld from submission and publication under this subtitle. 
 (2)  Notice on portal .— If a report is withheld from submission to or publication on the reports online portal under paragraph (1), the Director shall post on the portal— (A)  Statement. a statement that the report is withheld at the request of a committee or subcommittee involved; and 
 (B)  the written notification provided by the chair of the committee or subcommittee specified in paragraph (1). 
 
 
 (f)  Free Access .— The Director may not charge a fee, require registration, or impose any other limitation in exchange for access to the reports online portal. 
 (g)  Upgrade Capability .— The reports online portal shall be enhanced and updated as necessary to carry out the purposes of this subtitle. 
 (h)  Submission to Congress .— The submission of a congressionally mandated report to the reports online portal pursuant to this subtitle shall not be construed to satisfy any requirement to submit the congressionally mandated report to Congress, or a committee or subcommittee thereof.