SEC. 7111.  DHS Joint  Task Forces  Reauthorization  Act of 2022. JOINT TASK FORCES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY. (a)  6 USC 101 note . Short Title .— This section may be cited as the “ DHS Joint Task Forces Reauthorization Act of 2022 ”. 
 (b)  Dhs Joint Task Forces .— Subsection (b) of section 708 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 348 )  is amended — (1)  by  amending  paragraph (8) to read as follows: “(8)  Joint task force staff .— “(A)  In general .— Each Joint Task Force shall have a staff, composed of personnel from relevant components and offices of the Department, to assist the Director of such Joint Task Force in carrying out the mission and responsibilities of such Joint Task Force. 
 “(B)  Report .— The Secretary shall include in the report submitted under paragraph (6)(F)— “(i)  the number of personnel of each component or office permanently assigned to each Joint Task Force; and 
 “(ii)  the number of personnel of each component or office assigned on a temporary basis to each Joint Task Force.” 
 
 
 ; 
 (2)  in paragraph (9)— (A)  in the heading, by  striking  “ establishment ” and  inserting  “ mission; establishment ”; 
 (B)  by  amending  subparagraph (A) to read as follows: 136 STAT. 3626 
 “(A)  using leading practices in performance management and lessons learned by other law enforcement task forces and joint operations, establish— “(i)  the mission, strategic goals, and objectives of each Joint Task Force; 
 “(ii)  Criteria. the criteria for terminating each Joint Task Force; and 
 “(iii)  outcome-based and other appropriate performance metrics for evaluating the effectiveness of each Joint Task Force with respect to the mission, strategic goals, and objectives established pursuant to clause (i), including— “(I)  Deadline. targets for each Joint Task Force to achieve by not later than one and three years after such establishment; and 
 “(II)  a description of the methodology used to establish such metrics;” 
 
 
 ; 
 (C)  in subparagraph (B)— (iii)  by  striking  “ date of the enactment of this section ” and insert “ date of the enactment of the DHS Joint Task Forces Reauthorization Act of 2022 ”; 
 (iv)  by  inserting  “ mission, strategic goals, objectives, and ” before “ metrics ”; and 
 (v)  by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 
 (D)  by  amending  subparagraph (C) to read as follows: “(C)  Reports. not later than one year after the date of the enactment of the DHS Joint Task Forces Reauthorization Act of 2022 and annually thereafter, submit to the committees specified in subparagraph (B) a report that contains information on the progress in implementing the outcome-based and other appropriate performance metrics established pursuant to subparagraph (A)(iii).” 
 ; 
 
 (3)  in paragraph (11)— (A)  in the heading, by  inserting  “ or termination ” after “ formation ”; and 
 (B)  by  amending  subparagraph (A) to read as follows: “(A)  Deadline. Notification. In general .— Not later than seven days after establishing or terminating a Joint Task Force under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the majority leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the majority leader of the House of Representatives, the minority leader of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a notification regarding such establishment or termination, as the case may be. The contents of any such notification shall include the following: “(i)  Criteria. The criteria and conditions required to establish or terminate the Joint Task Force at issue. 
 “(ii)  Strategic plan. The primary mission, strategic goals, objectives, and plan of operations of such Joint Task Force. 
 “(iii)  If such notification is a notification of termination, information on the effectiveness of such Joint  136 STAT. 3627 
Task Force as measured by the outcome-based performance metrics and other appropriate performance metrics established pursuant to paragraph (9)(A)(iii). 
 “(iv)  The funding and resources required to establish or terminate such Joint Task Force. 
 “(v)  The number of personnel of each component or office permanently assigned to such Joint Task Force. 
 “(vi)  The number of personnel of each component and office assigned on a temporary basis to such Joint Task Force. 
 “(vii)  If such notification is a notification of establishment, the anticipated costs of establishing and operating such Joint Task Force. 
 “(viii)  If such notification is a notification of termination, funding allocated in the immediately preceding fiscal year to such Joint Task Force for— “(I)  operations, notwithstanding such termination; and 
 “(II)  activities associated with such termination. 
 
 “(ix)  The anticipated establishment or actual termination date of such Joint Task Force, as the case may be.” 
 
 ; 
 
 (4)  in paragraph (12)— (A)  in subparagraph (A)— (i)  by  striking  “ January 31, 2018, and January 31, 2021, the Inspector General of the Department ” and  inserting  “ one year after the date of the enactment of the DHS Joint Task Forces Reauthorization Act of 2022, the Comptroller General of the United States ”; and 
 (ii)  by  inserting  “ an assessment of the effectiveness of the Secretary’s utilization of the authority provided under this section for the purposes specified in subsection (b)(2) as among the range of options available to the Secretary to conduct joint operations among departmental components and offices and ” before “ a review of the Joint Task Forces ”; and 
 
 (B)  in subparagraph (B)— (i)  in the matter preceding clause (i), by  striking  “ reviews ” and  inserting  “ review ”; and 
 (ii)  by  amending  clauses (i) and (ii) to read as follows: “(i)  an assessment of methodology utilized to determine whether to establish or terminate each Joint Task Force; and 
 “(ii)  an assessment of the effectiveness of oversight over each Joint Task Force, with specificity regarding the Secretary’s utilization of outcome-based or other appropriate performance metrics (established pursuant to paragraph (9)(A)(iii)) to evaluate the effectiveness of each Joint Task Force in measuring progress with respect to the mission, strategic goals, and objectives (established pursuant to paragraph (9)(A)(i)) of such Joint Task Force.” 
 ; and 136 STAT. 3628 
 
 
 (5)  in paragraph (13), by  striking  “ 2022 ” and  inserting  “ 2024 ”.