SEC. 7247.  IMPLEMENTATION. (a)  Reports Submitted to Congress .— (1)  Applicability. In general .— This subtitle shall apply with respect to any congressionally mandated report which— (A)  is required by statute to be submitted to the House of Representatives, or the Speaker thereof, or the Senate, or the President or President Pro Tempore thereof, at any time on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; or 
 (B)  is included by the Clerk of the House of Representatives or the Secretary of the Senate (as the case may be) on the list of reports received by the House of Representatives or the Senate (as the case may be) at any time on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 
 (2)  Transition rule for previously submitted reports .— To the extent practicable, the Director shall ensure that any congressionally mandated report described in paragraph (1) which was required to be submitted to Congress  136 STAT. 3683 
by a statute enacted before the date of the enactment of this Act is published on the reports online portal under this subtitle. 
 
 (b)  Applicability. Reports Submitted to Committees .— In the case of congressionally mandated reports which are required by statute to be submitted to a committee of Congress or a subcommittee thereof, this subtitle shall apply with respect to— (1)  any such report which is first required to be submitted by a statute which is enacted on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
 (2)  Notification. to the maximum extent practical, any congressionally mandated report which was required to be submitted by a statute enacted before the date of enactment of this Act unless— (A)  the chair of the committee, or subcommittee thereof, to which the report was required to be submitted notifies the Director in writing that the report is to be withheld from publication; and 
 (B)  Publication. the Director publishes the notification on the reports online portal. 
 
 
 (c)  Access for Congressional Leadership .— Notwithstanding any provision of this subtitle or any other provision of law, congressional leadership shall have access to any congressionally mandated report.