SEC. 737.  IMPROVEMENTS RELATING TO BEHAVIORAL HEALTH CARE AVAILABLE UNDER MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM. (a)  Study Relating to Uniformed Services University of the Health Science .— (1)  Study .— The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on the feasibility and advisability of the following: (A)  Establishing graduate degree-granting programs in counseling and social work at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences. 
 (B)  Expanding the clinical psychology graduate program of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences. 
 
 (2)  Matters .— The study under paragraph (1) shall include a description of— (A)  the process by which, as a condition of enrolling in a degree-granting program specified in such paragraph, a civilian student would be required to commit to post-award employment obligations; and 
 (B)  the processes and consequences that would apply if such obligations are not met. 
 
 (3)  Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing the findings of the study under paragraph (1). 
 
 (b)  10 USC note  prec. 2001. Pilot Program on Scholarship-for-service for Civilian Behavioral Health Providers .— (1)  Pilot program .— Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall commence the conduct of a pilot program under which— (A)  the Secretary may provide— (i)  scholarships to cover tuition and related fees at an institution of higher education to an individual enrolled in a program of study leading to a graduate degree in clinical psychology, social work, counseling, or a related field (as determined by the Secretary); and 
 (ii)  student loan repayment assistance to a credentialed behavioral health provider who has a graduate degree in clinical psychology, social work,  136 STAT. 2672 
counseling, or a related field (as determined by the Secretary); and 
 
 (B)  in exchange for such assistance, the recipient shall commit to work as a covered civilian behavioral health provider in accordance with paragraph (2). 
 
 (2)  Post-award employment obligations .— (A)  Contracts. In general .— Subject to subparagraph (B), as a condition of receiving assistance under paragraph (1), the recipient of such assistance shall enter into an agreement with the Secretary of Defense pursuant to which the recipient agrees to work on a full-time basis as a covered civilian behavioral health provider for a period of a duration that is at least equivalent to the period during which the recipient received assistance under such paragraph. 
 (B)  Determination. Other terms and conditions .— An agreement entered into pursuant to subparagraph (A) may include such other terms and conditions as the Secretary of Defense may determine necessary to protect the interests of the United States or otherwise appropriate for purposes of this section, including terms and conditions providing for limited exceptions from the post-award employment obligation specified in such subparagraph. 
 
 (3)  Repayment .— (A)  In general .— An individual who receives assistance under paragraph (1) and does not complete the employment obligation required under the agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (2) shall repay to the Secretary of Defense a prorated portion of the financial assistance received by the individual under paragraph (1). 
 (B)  Determination of amount .— The amount of any repayment required under subparagraph (A) shall be determined by the Secretary. 
 
 (4)  Duration .— The authority to carry out the pilot program under paragraph (1) shall terminate on the date that is 10 years after the date on which such pilot program commences. 
 (5)  Implementation plan .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a plan for the implementation of this section. 
 (6)  Reports .— (A)  In general .— Not later than each of one year and five years after the commencement of the pilot program under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representative and the Senate a report on the pilot program. 
 (B)  Elements .— Each report under subparagraph (A) shall include, with respect to the pilot program under subsection (1), the following: (i)  The number of students receiving scholarships under the pilot program. 
 (ii)  The institutions of higher education at which such students are enrolled. 
 (iii)  The total amount of financial assistance expended under the pilot program per academic year. 136 STAT. 2673 
 (iv)  The average scholarship amount per student under the pilot program. 
 (v)  The number of students hired as covered behavioral health providers pursuant to the pilot program. 
 (vi)  Recommenda- tions. Any recommendations for terminating the pilot program, extending the pilot program, or making the pilot program permanent. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Report on Behavioral Health Workforce .— (1)  Analysis. Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct an analysis of the behavioral health workforce under the direct care component of the military health system and submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing the results of such analysis. Such report shall include, with respect to such workforce, the following: (A)  The number of positions authorized for military behavioral health providers within such workforce, and the number of such positions filled, disaggregated by the professions described in paragraph (2). 
 (B)  The number of positions authorized for civilian behavioral health providers within such workforce, and the number of such positions filled, disaggregated by the professions described in paragraph (2). 
 (C)  For each military department, the ratio of military behavioral health providers assigned to military medical treatment facilities compared to civilian behavioral health providers so assigned, disaggregated by the professions described in paragraph (2). 
 (D)  For each military department, the number of military behavioral health providers authorized to be embedded within an operational unit, and the number of such positions filled, disaggregated by the professions described in paragraph (2). 
 (E)  Data. Data on the historical demand for behavioral health services by members of the Armed Forces. 
 (F)  Estimate. An estimate of the number of health care providers necessary to meet the demand by such members for behavioral health care services under the direct care component of the military health system, disaggregated by provider type. 
 (G)  An identification of any shortfall between the estimated number under subparagraph (F) and the total number of positions for behavioral health providers filled within such workforce. 
 (H)  Such other information as the Secretary may determine appropriate. 
 
 (2)  Provider types .— The professions described in this paragraph are as follows: (A)  Clinical psychologists. 
 (B)  Social workers. 
 (C)  Counselors. 
 (D)  Such other professions as the Secretary may determine appropriate. 
 
 (3)  Behavioral health workforce at remote locations .— In conducting the analysis of the behavioral health workforce under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall  136 STAT. 2674 
ensure such behavioral health workforce at remote locations (including Guam and Hawaii) and any shortfalls thereof, is taken into account. 
 
 (d)  Plan to Address Shortfalls in Behavioral Health Workforce .— Not later than one year after the date on which the report under subsection (c) is submitted, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a plan to address any shortfall of the behavioral health workforce identified under paragraph (1)(G) of such subsection. Such plan shall address the following: (1)  With respect to any such shortfall of military behavioral health providers (addressed separately with respect to such providers assigned to military medical treatment facilities and such providers assigned to be embedded within operational units), the recruitment, accession, retention, special pay and other aspects of compensation, workload, role of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences and the Armed Forces Health Professions Scholarship Program under  chapter 105 of title 10, United States Code , any additional authorities or resources necessary for the Secretary to increase the number of such providers, and such other considerations as the Secretary may consider appropriate. 
 (2)  With respect to addressing any such shortfall of civilian behavioral health providers, the recruitment, hiring, retention, pay and benefits, workload, educational scholarship programs, any additional authorities or resources necessary for the Secretary to increase the number of such providers, and such other considerations as the Secretary may consider appropriate. 
 (3)  Recommenda- tions. A recommendation as to whether the number of military behavioral health providers in each military department should be increased, and if so, by how many. 
 (4)  A plan to ensure that remote installations are prioritized for the assignment of military behavioral health providers. 
 (5)  Standards. Updated access standards for behavioral health care under the military health system, taking into account— (A)  the duration of time between a patient receiving a referral for such care and the patient receiving individualized treatment (following an initial intake assessment) from a behavioral health provider; and 
 (B)  the frequency of regular follow-up appointments subsequent to the first appointment at which a patient receives such individualized treatment. 
 
 (6)  A plan to expand access to behavioral health care under the military health system using telehealth. 
 
 (e)  10 USC note  prec. 2001. Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ behavioral health ” includes psychiatry, clinical psychology, social work, counseling, and related fields. 
 (2)  The term “ civilian behavioral health provider ” means a behavioral health provider who is a civilian employee of the Department of Defense. 
 (3)  The term “ counselor ” means an individual who holds— (A)  a master’s or doctoral degree from an accredited graduate program in— (i)  marriage and family therapy; or 
 (ii)  clinical mental health counseling; and 136 STAT. 2675 
 
 (B)  a current license or certification from a State that grants the individual the authority to provide counseling services as an independent practitioner in the respective field of the individual. 
 
 (4)  The term “ covered civilian behavioral health provider ” means a civilian behavioral health provider whose employment by the Secretary of Defense involves the provision of behavioral health services at a military medical treatment facility. 
 (5)  The term “ institution of higher education ” has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 ). 
 (6)  The term “ military behavioral health provider ” means a behavioral health provider who is a member of the Armed Forces. 
 (7)  The term “ military installation ” has the meaning given that term in  section 2801 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (8)  The term “ military medical treatment facility ” means a facility specified in section 1073d of such title. 
 (9)  The term “ remote installation ” means a military installation that the Secretary determines to be in a remote location. 
 (10)  The term “ State ” means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, and each commonwealth, territory or possession of the United States.