SEC. 723.  PLAN FOR ACCOUNTABLE CARE ORGANIZATION DEMONSTRATION. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Defense Health Agency, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a plan for the conduct of the Accountable Care Organization demonstration, notice of which was published in the Federal Register on August 16, 2019 ( 84 Fed. Reg. 41974 ), (in this section referred to as the “Demonstration”). 
 (b)  Elements .— The plan under subsection (a) shall include, the following: (1)  A description of how the Demonstration shall be conducted to deliver improved health outcomes, improved quality of care, and lower costs under the TRICARE program. 
 (2)  A description of the results for the TRICARE program that the Secretary plans to achieve through the Demonstration, with respect to the following outcome measures: (A)  Clinical performance. 
 (B)  Utilization improvement. 
 (C)  Beneficiary engagement. 
 (D)  Membership growth and retention. 136 STAT. 2665 
 (E)  Case management. 
 (F)  Continuity of care. 
 (G)  Use of telehealth. 
 
 (3)  A description of how the Demonstration shall be conducted to shift financial risk from the Department of Defense to civilian health care providers. 
 (4)  A description of how investment in the Demonstration shall serve as a bridge to future competitive demonstrations of the Department of Defense with accountable care organizations. 
 (5)  A detailed description of the geographic locations at which the Secretary plans to conduct such future competitive demonstrations. 
 (6)  A description of how a third-party administrator shall manage the administrative components of the Demonstration, including with respect to eligibility, enrollment, premium payment processes, submission of qualifying life events changes, and mailing address changes. 
 
 (c)  TRICARE Program Defined .— In this section, the term “ TRICARE program ” has the meaning given that term in  section 1072 of title 10, United States Code .