SEC. 713.  CENTERS OF EXCELLENCE FOR SPECIALTY CARE IN MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM. (a)  Centers of Excellence .— Section 1073d(b)(4) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows: “(4) (A)  Designation. The Secretary shall designate certain major medical centers as regional centers of excellence for the provision of specialty care services in the areas of specialty care described in subparagraph (D). A major medical center may be designated as a center of excellence under this subparagraph for more than one such area of specialty care. 
 “(B)  The Secretary may designate certain medical centers as satellite centers of excellence for the provision of specialty care services for specific conditions, such as the following: “(i)  Post-traumatic stress. 
 “(ii)  Traumatic brain injury. 
 “(iii)  Such other conditions as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 “(C)  Centers of excellence designated under this paragraph shall serve the purposes of— “(i)  ensuring the military medical force readiness of the Department of Defense and the medical readiness of the armed forces; 
 “(ii)  improving the quality of health care furnished by the Secretary to eligible beneficiaries; and 
 “(iii)  improving health outcomes for eligible beneficiaries. 
 
 “(D)  The areas of specialty care described in this subparagraph are as follows: “(i)  Oncology. 136 STAT. 2658 
 “(ii)  Burn injuries and wound care. 
 “(iii)  Rehabilitation medicine. 
 “(iv)  Psychological health and traumatic brain injury. 
 “(v)  Amputations and prosthetics. 
 “(vi)  Neurosurgery. 
 “(vii)  Orthopedic care. 
 “(viii)  Substance abuse. 
 “(ix)  Infectious diseases and preventive medicine. 
 “(x)  Cardiothoracic surgery. 
 “(xi)  Such other areas of specialty care as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 “(E) (i)  Centers of excellence designated under this paragraph shall be the primary source within the military health system for the receipt by eligible beneficiaries of specialty care. 
 “(ii)  Eligible beneficiaries seeking a specialty care service through the military health system shall be referred to a center of excellence designated under subparagraph (A) for that area of specialty care or, if the specialty care service sought is unavailable at such center, to an appropriate specialty care provider in the private sector. 
 
 “(F)  Deadline. Notification. Not later than 90 days prior to the designation of a center of excellence under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate of such designation. 
 “(G)  Definition. In this paragraph, the term ‘ eligible beneficiary ’ means any beneficiary under this chapter.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  10 USC 1073d note . Deadline .— The Secretary of Defense shall designate certain major medical centers as regional centers of excellence in accordance with  section 1073d(b)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code , as added by subsection (a), by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (c)  Report .— (1)  Plan. Submission .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report that sets forth the plan of the Department of Defense to designate centers of excellence under  section 1073d(b)(4) of title 10, United States Code , as added by subsection (a). 
 (2)  Plans. Elements .— The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  List. A list of the centers of excellence to be designated under such section 1073d(b)(4) and the locations of such centers. 
 (B)  A description of the specialty care services to be provided at each such center and a staffing plan for each such center. 
 (C)  A description of how each such center shall improve— (i)  the military medical force readiness of the Department and the medical readiness of the Armed Forces; 
 (ii)  the quality of care received by eligible beneficiaries; and 
 (iii)  the health outcomes of eligible beneficiaries. 136 STAT. 2659 
 
 (D)  A comprehensive plan for the referral of eligible beneficiaries for specialty care services at centers of excellence designated under such section 1073d(b)(4) and appropriate specialty care providers in the private sector. 
 (E)  A plan to assist eligible beneficiaries with travel and lodging, if necessary, in connection with the receipt of specialty care services at centers of excellence designated under such section 1073d(b)(4) or appropriate specialty care providers in the private sector. 
 (F)  A plan to transfer specialty care providers of the Department to centers of excellence designated under such section 1073d(b)(4), in a number as determined by the Secretary to be required to provide specialty care services to eligible beneficiaries at such centers. 
 (G)  A plan to monitor access to care, beneficiary satisfaction, experience of care, and clinical outcomes to understand better the impact of such centers on the health care of eligible beneficiaries. 
 
 
 (d)  Eligible Beneficiary Defined .— In this section, the term “ eligible beneficiary ” means any beneficiary under  chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code .