SEC. 8208.  WESTERN INFRASTRUCTURE STUDY. (a)  Evaluation. Comprehensive Study .— The Secretary shall conduct a comprehensive study to evaluate the effectiveness of carrying out additional measures, including measures that use natural features or nature-based features, at or upstream of covered reservoirs, for the purposes of— (1)  sustaining operations in response to changing hydrological and climatic conditions; 136 STAT. 3757 
 (2)  mitigating the risk of drought or floods, including the loss of storage capacity due to sediment accumulation; 
 (3)  increasing water supply; or 
 (4)  aquatic ecosystem restoration. 
 
 (b)  Study Focus .— In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include all covered reservoirs located in the South Pacific Division of the Corps of Engineers. 
 (c)  Consultation and Use of Existing Data .— (1)  Consultation .— In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with applicable— (A)  Federal, State, and local agencies; 
 (B)  Indian Tribes; 
 (C)  non-Federal interests; and 
 (D)  stakeholders, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
 
 (2)  Use of existing data and prior studies .— In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable and where appropriate— (A)  use existing data provided to the Secretary by entities described in paragraph (1); and 
 (B)  incorporate— (i)  relevant information from prior studies and projects carried out by the Secretary; and 
 (ii)  the relevant technical data and scientific approaches with respect to changing hydrological and climatic conditions. 
 
 
 
 (d)  Report .— Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that describes— (1)  the results of the study; and 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. any recommendations for additional study in specific geographic areas. 
 
 (e)  Savings Provision .— Nothing in this section provides authority to the Secretary to change the authorized purposes of any covered reservoir. 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Covered reservoir .— The term “ covered reservoir ” means a reservoir owned and operated by the Secretary or for which the Secretary has flood control responsibilities under section 7 of the Act of December 22, 1944 ( 33 U.S.C. 709 ). 
 (2)  Natural feature and nature-based feature .— The terms “natural feature” and “nature-based feature” have the meanings given such terms in section 1184(a) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 ( 33 U.S.C. 2289a(a) ).