SEC. 8378.  Determinations. LAND TRANSFER AND TRUST LAND FOR CHOCTAW NATION OF OKLAHOMA. (a)  Transfer .— (1)  In general .— Subject to paragraph (2) and for the consideration described in subsection (c), the Secretary shall transfer to the Secretary of the Interior the land described in subsection (b) to be held in trust for the benefit of the Choctaw Nation. 
 (2)  Conditions .— The land transfer under this subsection shall be subject to the following conditions: (A)  The transfer— (i)  shall not interfere with the operation by the Corps of Engineers of the Sardis Lake Project, authorized pursuant to section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 ( 76 Stat. 1187 ), or any other authorized civil works project; and 
 (ii)  shall be subject to such other terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be necessary and appropriate to ensure the continued operation of the Sardis Lake Project or any other authorized civil works project. 
 
 (B)  The Secretary shall retain the right to inundate with water the land transferred to the Choctaw Nation under this subsection as necessary to carry out an authorized purpose of the Sardis Lake Project or any other civil works project. 
 (C)  No gaming activities may be conducted on the land transferred under this subsection. 136 STAT. 3828 
 
 
 (b)  Land Description .— (1)  In general .— The land to be transferred under subsection (a) is the approximately 247 acres of land located in Sections 18 and 19 of T2N R18E, and Sections 5 and 8 of T2N R19E, Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, generally depicted as “USACE” on the map entitled “Sardis Lake – Choctaw Nation Proposal” and dated February 22, 2022. 
 (2)  Survey .— The exact acreage and legal descriptions of the land to be transferred under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior. 
 
 (c)  Consideration .— The Choctaw Nation shall pay to the Secretary an amount that is equal to the fair market value of the land transferred under subsection (a), as determined by the Secretary, which funds may be accepted and expended by the Secretary. 
 (d)  Costs of Transfer .— The Choctaw Nation shall be responsible for all reasonable and necessary costs, including real estate transaction and environmental documentation costs, associated with the transfer of land under subsection (a).