“SEC. 8.  ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. “(a)  General Administration .— “(1)  In general .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Administrator of the Administration for Community Living of the Department of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘Administrator’) shall be responsible for the administration of this Act. 
 “(2)  Consultation. Collaboration .— The Administrator shall consult with the Office of Special Education Programs of the Department of Education, the Rehabilitation Services Administration of the Department of Education, the Office of Disability Employment Policy of the Department of Labor, and other appropriate Federal entities in the administration of this Act. 
 “(3)  Administration .— “(A)  In general .— In administering this Act, the Administrator shall ensure that programs funded under this Act will address— “(i)  the needs of individuals with all types of disabilities and across the lifespan; and 
 “(ii)  the use of assistive technology in all potential environments, including employment, education, and community living. 
 
 “(B)  Funding limitations .— For each fiscal year, not more than ½ of 1 percent of the total funding appropriated for this Act shall be used by the Administrator to support the administration of this Act. 
 
 
 “(b)  Review of Participating Entities .— “(1)  Assessment. In general .— The Secretary shall assess the extent to which entities that receive grants under this Act are complying with the applicable requirements of this Act and achieving measurable goals that are consistent with the requirements of the grant programs under which the entities received the grants. 
 “(2)  Provision of information .— To assist the Secretary in carrying out the responsibilities of the Secretary under this section, the Secretary may require States to provide relevant information, including the information required under subsection (d). 
 
 “(c)  Corrective Action and Sanctions .— “(1)  Determination. Deadline. Corrective action .— If the Secretary determines that an entity that receives a grant under this Act fails to substantially comply with the applicable requirements of this Act, or to make substantial progress toward achieving the measurable goals described in subsection (b)(1) with respect to the grant program, the Secretary shall assist the entity, through technical assistance funded under section 6 or other means,  136 STAT. 3288 
within 90 days after such determination, to develop a corrective action plan. 
 “(2)  Sanctions .— If the entity fails to develop and comply with a corrective action plan described in paragraph (1) during a fiscal year, the entity shall be subject to 1 of the following corrective actions selected by the Secretary: “(A)  Partial or complete termination of funding under the grant program, until the entity develops and complies with such a plan. 
 “(B)  Ineligibility to participate in the grant program in the following fiscal year. 
 “(C)  Reduction in the amount of funding that may be used for indirect costs under section 4 for the following fiscal year. 
 “(D)  Required redesignation of the lead agency designated under section 4(c)(1) or an entity responsible for administering the grant program. 
 
 “(3)  Appeals procedures .— The Secretary shall establish appeals procedures for entities that are determined to be in noncompliance with the applicable requirements of this Act, or have not made substantial progress toward achieving the measurable goals described in subsection (b)(1). 
 “(4)  Secretarial action .— As part of the annual report required under subsection (d), the Secretary shall describe each such action taken under paragraph (1) or (2) and the outcomes of each such action. 
 “(5)  Deadline. Public notification .— Not later than 30 days after taking an action under paragraph (1) or (2), the Secretary shall notify the public, by posting on an easily accessible portion of the internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services, notification of each action taken by the Secretary under paragraph (1) or (2). As a part of such notification, the Secretary shall describe each such action taken under paragraph (1) or (2) and the outcomes of each such action. 
 
 “(d)  Annual Report to Congress .— “(1)  In general .— Not later than December 31 of each year, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the President, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Education and Labor of the House of Representatives a report on the activities funded under this Act to improve the access of assistive technology devices and assistive technology services to individuals with disabilities. 
 “(2)  Summaries. Contents .— Each report described in paragraph (1) shall include— “(A)  a compilation and summary of the information provided by the States in annual progress reports submitted under section 4(f); and 
 “(B)  a summary of the State applications described in section 4(d) and an analysis of the progress of the States in meeting the measurable goals established in State applications under section 4(d)(3)(C). 
 
 
 “(e)  Construction .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the enforcement authority of the Secretary, another Federal officer, or a court under any other applicable law. 
 “(f)  Effect on Other Assistance .— This Act may not be construed as authorizing a Federal or State agency to reduce medical  136 STAT. 3289 
or other assistance available, or to alter eligibility for a benefit or service, under any other Federal law.