SEC. 8237.  ASSESSMENT OF FOREST, RANGELAND, AND WATERSHED RESTORATION SERVICES ON LANDS OWNED BY THE CORPS OF ENGINEERS. (a)  In General .— The Secretary shall carry out an assessment of forest, rangeland, and watershed restoration services on lands owned by the Corps of Engineers, including an assessment of whether the provision of such services on such lands by non-Federal interests through good neighbor agreements would be in the best interests of the United States. 136 STAT. 3774 
 (b)  Considerations .— In carrying out the assessment under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1)  describe the forest, rangeland, and watershed restoration services provided by the Secretary on lands owned by the Corps of Engineers; 
 (2)  assess whether such services, including efforts to reduce hazardous fuels and to restore and improve forest, rangeland, and watershed health (including the health of fish and wildlife habitats) would be enhanced by authorizing the Secretary to enter into a good neighbor agreement with a non-Federal interest; 
 (3)  describe the process for ensuring that Federal requirements for land management plans for forests on lands owned by the Corps of Engineers remain in effect under good neighbor agreements; 
 (4)  assess whether Congress should authorize the Secretary to enter into a good neighbor agreement with a non-Federal interest to provide forest, rangeland, and watershed restoration services on lands owned by the Corps of Engineers, including by assessing any interest expressed by a non-Federal interest to enter into such an agreement; 
 (5)  consider whether implementation of a good neighbor agreement on lands owned by the Corps of Engineers would benefit State and local governments and Indian Tribes that are located in the same geographic area as such lands; and 
 (6)  Consultation. consult with the heads of other Federal agencies authorized to enter into good neighbor agreements with non-Federal interests. 
 
 (c)  Public information. Web posting. Report to Congress .— Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and make publicly available (including on a publicly available website), a report describing the results of the assessment carried out under subsection (a). 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Forest, rangeland, and watershed restoration services .— The term “ forest, rangeland, and watershed restoration services ” has the meaning given such term in section 8206 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 ( 16 U.S.C. 2113a ). 
 (2)  Good neighbor agreement .— The term “ good neighbor agreement ” means a cooperative agreement or contract (including a sole source contract) entered into between the Secretary and a non-Federal interest to carry out forest, rangeland, and watershed restoration services. 
 (3)  Lands owned by the corps of engineers .— The term “ lands owned by the Corps of Engineers ” means any land owned by the Corps of Engineers, but does not include— (A)  a component of the National Wilderness Preservation System; 
 (B)  land on which the removal of vegetation is prohibited or restricted by law or Presidential proclamation; 
 (C)  a wilderness study area; or 
 (D)  any other land with respect to which the Secretary determines that forest, rangeland, and watershed restoration services should remain the responsibility of the Secretary. 136 STAT. 3775