SEC. 8205.  REPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS ON DREDGE CAPACITY. (a)  Public information. Web posting. Time periods. In General .— Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and make publicly available (including on a publicly available website), a report that includes— (1)  a quantification of the expected hopper and pipeline dredging needs of authorized water resources development projects for the 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act, including— 136 STAT. 3755 (A)  the dredging needs to— (i)  construct deepenings or widenings at authorized but not constructed projects and the associated operations and maintenance needs of such projects; and 
 (ii)  operate and maintain existing Federal navigation channels; 
 
 (B)  the amount of dredging to be carried out by the Corps of Engineers for other Federal agencies; 
 (C)  the dredging needs associated with authorized hurricane and storm damage risk reduction projects (including periodic renourishment); and 
 (D)  the dredging needs associated with projects for the beneficial use of dredged material authorized by section 1122 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 ( 33 U.S.C. 2326 note ); 
 
 (2)  an identification of the Federal appropriations for dredging projects and expenditures from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund for fiscal year 2015 and each fiscal year thereafter; 
 (3)  an identification of the dredging capacity of the domestic hopper and pipeline dredge fleet, including publicly owned and privately owned vessels, in each of the 10 years preceding the date of enactment of this Act; 
 (4)  Analysis. an analysis of the ability of the domestic hopper and pipeline dredge fleet to meet the expected dredging needs identified under paragraph (1), including an analysis of such ability in each of— (A)  the east coast region; 
 (B)  Alaska. Hawaii. the west coast region, including the States of Alaska and Hawaii; 
 (C)  the gulf coast region; and 
 (D)  the Great Lakes region; 
 
 (5)  an identification of the dredging capacity of domestic hopper and pipeline dredge vessels that are under contract for construction and intended to be used at water resources development projects; 
 (6)  Effective date. an identification of any hopper or pipeline dredge vessel expected to be retired or become unavailable during the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this section; 
 (7)  an identification of the potential costs of using either public or private dredging to carry out authorized water resources development projects; and 
 (8)  any recommendations of the Secretary for  adding  additional domestic hopper and pipeline dredging capacity, including  adding  public and private dredging vessels to the domestic hopper and pipeline dredge fleet to efficiently service water resources development projects. 
 
 (b)  Opportunity for Participation .— In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide interested stakeholders, including representatives from the commercial dredging industry, with an opportunity to submit comments to the Secretary. 
 (c)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that the Corps of Engineers should add additional dredging capacity if the addition of such capacity would— (1)  enable the Corps of Engineers to carry out water resources development projects in an efficient and cost-effective manner; and 136 STAT. 3756 
 (2)  be in the best interests of the United States.