SEC. 8206.  ASSESSMENT OF IMPACTS FROM CHANGING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE RESPONSIBILITIES. (a)  In General .— The Secretary shall carry out an assessment of the consequences of  amending  section 101(b) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 33 U.S.C. 2211(b) ) to authorize the operation and maintenance of navigation projects for a harbor or inland harbor constructed by the Secretary at 100-percent Federal cost to a depth of 55 feet. 
 (b)  Time periods. Effective date. Contents .— In carrying out the assessment under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1)  describe all existing Federal navigation projects that are authorized or constructed to a depth of 55 feet or greater; 
 (2)  describe any Federal navigation project that is likely to seek authorization or modification to a depth of 55 feet or greater during the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this section; 
 (3)  Estimates. estimate— (A)  the potential annual increase in Federal costs that would result from authorizing operation and maintenance of a navigation project to a depth of 55 feet at Federal expense; and 
 (B)  the potential cumulative increase in such Federal costs during the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this section; and 
 
 (4)  assess the potential effect of authorizing operation and maintenance of a navigation project to a depth of 55 feet at Federal expense on other Federal navigation operation and maintenance activities, including the potential impact on activities at donor ports, energy transfer ports, emerging harbor projects, and projects carried out in the Great Lakes Navigation System, as such terms are defined in section 102(a)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 33 U.S.C. 2238 note ). 
 
 (c)  Public information. Web posting. Report .— Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and make publicly available (including on a publicly available website), a report describing the results of the assessment carried out under subsection (a).