SEC. 8113.  TRIBAL ASSISTANCE. (a)  Oregon. Washington. Assessments. Revision. Plan. Clarification of Existing Authority .— (1)  In general .— Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary, in consultation with the heads of relevant Federal agencies, the Confederated Tribes of the Warm Springs Reservation of Oregon, the Confederated Tribes and Bands of the Yakama Nation, the Nez Perce Tribe, and the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla Indian Reservation, shall revise and carry out  136 STAT. 3706 
the village development plan for The Dalles Dam, Columbia River, Washington and Oregon, as authorized by section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 (chapter 188,  64 Stat. 179 ), to comprehensively address adverse impacts to Indian villages, housing sites, and related structures as a result of the construction of The Dalles Dam, Bonneville Dam, McNary Dam, and John Day Dam, Washington and Oregon. 
 (2)  Examination .— Before carrying out the requirements of paragraph (1), the Secretary shall conduct an examination and assessment of the extent to which Indian villages, housing sites, and related structures were displaced or destroyed by the construction of the following projects: (A)  Bonneville Dam, Columbia River, Oregon, as authorized by the first section of the Act of August 30, 1935 (chapter 831,  49 Stat. 1038 ) and the first section and section 2(a) of the Act of August 20, 1937 ( 16 U.S.C. 832 , 832a(a)). 
 (B)  McNary Dam, Columbia River, Washington and Oregon, as authorized by section 2 of the Act of March 2, 1945 (chapter 19,  59 Stat. 22 ). 
 (C)  John Day Dam, Columbia River, Washington and Oregon, as authorized by section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 (chapter 188,  64 Stat. 179 ). 
 
 (3)  Requirements .— The village development plan under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum— (A)  Evaluation. an evaluation of sites on both sides of the Columbia River; 
 (B)  an assessment of suitable Federal land and land owned by the States of Washington and Oregon; and 
 (C)  Cost estimate. an estimated cost and tentative schedule for the construction of each housing development. 
 
 (4)  Location of assistance .— The Secretary may provide housing and related assistance under this subsection at 1 or more village sites in the States of Washington and Oregon. 
 
 (b)  Provision of Assistance on Federal Land .— The Secretary may construct housing or provide related assistance on land owned by the United States in carrying out the village development plan under subsection (a)(1). 
 (c)  Acquisition and Disposal of Land .— (1)  In general .— Subject to subsection (d), the Secretary may acquire land or interests in land for the purpose of providing housing and related assistance in carrying out the village development plan under subsection (a)(1). 
 (2)  Advance acquisition .— Acquisition of land or interests in land under paragraph (1) may be carried out in advance of completion of all required documentation and receipt of all required clearances for the construction of housing or related improvements on the land. 
 (3)  Determination. Disposal of unsuitable land .— If the Secretary determines that any land or interest in land acquired by the Secretary under paragraph (2) is unsuitable for that housing or for those related improvements, the Secretary may— (A)  dispose of the land or interest in land by sale; and 
 (B)  credit the proceeds to the appropriation, fund, or account used to purchase the land or interest in land. 136 STAT. 3707 
 
 
 (d)  Limitation .— The Secretary shall only acquire land from willing landowners in carrying out this section. 
 (e)  Contracts. Cooperative Agreements .— The Secretary may enter into a cooperative agreement with a Tribe described in subsection (a)(1), or with a Tribal organization of such a Tribe, to provide funds to the Tribe to construct housing or provide related assistance in carrying out the village development plan under such subsection. 
 (f)  Conveyance Authorized .— Upon completion of construction at a village site under this section, the Secretary may, without consideration, convey the village site and the improvements located thereon to a Tribe described in subsection (a)(1), or to a Tribal organization of such a Tribe. 
 (g)  Conforming Amendment .— Section 1178(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 ( 130 Stat. 1675 ;  132 Stat. 3781 ) is  repealed .