SEC. 8320.  DEAUTHORIZATION OF DESIGNATED PORTIONS OF THE LOS ANGELES COUNTY DRAINAGE AREA, CALIFORNIA. (a)  Termination date. In General .— The portion of the project for flood risk management, Los Angeles County Drainage Area, California, authorized by section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (chapter 688,  49 Stat. 1589 ;  50 Stat. 167 ;  52 Stat. 1215 ;  55 Stat. 647 ;  64 Stat. 177 ;  104 Stat. 4611 ), consisting of the debris basins described in subsection (b), is no longer authorized beginning on the date that is 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
 (b)  Debris Basins Described .— The debris basins referred to in subsection (a) are the following debris basins operated and maintained by the Los Angeles County Flood Control District, as generally defined in Corps of Engineers operations and maintenance manuals as may be further described in an agreement entered into under subsection (c): Auburn Debris Basin, Bailey Debris Basin, Big Dalton Debris Basin, Blanchard Canyon Debris Basin, Blue Gum Canyon Debris Basin, Brand Canyon Debris Basin, Carter Debris Basin, Childs Canyon Debris Basin, Dunsmuir Canyon Debris Basin, Eagle Canyon Debris Basin, Eaton Wash Debris Basin, Elmwood Canyon Debris Basin, Emerald East Debris Basin, Emerald West Debris Retention Inlet, Hay Debris Basin, Hillcrest  136 STAT. 3786 
Debris Basin, La Tuna Canyon Debris Basin, Little Dalton Debris Basin, Live Oak Debris Retention Inlet, Lopez Debris Retention Inlet, Lower Sunset Canyon Debris Basin, Marshall Canyon Debris Retention Inlet, Santa Anita Debris Basin, Sawpit Debris Basin, Schoolhouse Canyon Debris Basin, Shields Canyon Debris Basin, Sierra Madre Villa Debris Basin, Snover Canyon Debris Basin, Stough Canyon Debris Basin, Wilson Canyon Debris Basin, and Winery Canyon Debris Basin. 
 (c)  Contracts. Deadline. Agreement .— Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with the Los Angeles County Flood Control District to ensure that the Los Angeles County Flood Control District— (1)  operates, maintains, repairs, and rehabilitates, and replaces as necessary, the debris basins described in subsection (b)— (A)  in perpetuity at no cost to the United States; and 
 (B)  in a manner that ensures that the quantity and concentration of stormwater inflows from such debris basins does not reduce the level of flood protection of the project described in subsection (a); 
 
 (2)  retains public ownership of, and compatible uses for, all real property required for the continued functioning of the debris basins described in subsection (b), consistent with authorized purposes of the project described in subsection (a); 
 (3)  allows the Corps of Engineers to continue to operate, maintain, rehabilitate, repair, and replace appurtenant structures, such as rain and stream gages, located within the debris basins subject to deauthorization under subsection (a) as necessary to ensure the continued functioning of the project described in subsection (a); and 
 (4)  holds and saves the United States harmless from damages due to overtopping, breach, failure, operation, or maintenance of the debris basins described in subsection (b). 
 
 (d)  Administrative Costs .— The Secretary may accept and expend funds voluntarily contributed by the Los Angeles County Flood Control District to cover the administrative costs incurred by the Secretary to— (1)  enter into an agreement under subsection (c); and 
 (2)  Compliance. monitor compliance with such agreement.