SEC. 876.  DEVELOPMENT AND ASSESSMENT OF MISSION EFFECTIVENESS METRICS. (a)  Study. Data. Evaluation. In General .— The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the service acquisition executives (as defined in  section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code ), shall conduct a study on the metrics necessary to assess the effectiveness of the SBIR and STTR programs of the Department of Defense in meeting the mission needs of the Department, including by developing metrics and collecting and assessing longitudinal data necessary for evaluation of those metrics. 
 (b)  Elements .— The study required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An assessment of the measurable ways in which the SBIR and STTR programs of the Department of Defense support the mission needs of the Department. 
 (2)  The development of recurring, quantifiable metrics for measuring the ability of the SBIR and STTR programs of the Department to deliver products and services that meet the mission needs of the Department. 
 (3)  Evaluation. Data. An evaluation of currently available data to support the assessment of the metrics described in paragraph (2), including the identification of areas where gaps in the availability of such data exist that may require collecting new data or modifying existing data. 
 (4)  Data. The identification of current means and methods available to the Department for collecting data in an automated fashion, including the identification of areas where gaps in the automated collection of data exist that may require new means for collecting or visualizing data. 136 STAT. 2744 
 (5)  Analysis. The development of an analysis and assessment methodology framework to make tradeoffs between the metrics described in paragraph (2) and existing commercialization benchmarks of the Department to enhance the decision-making of the Department regarding the benefits of the SBIR and STTR programs of the Department. 
 
 (c)  Deadlines. Briefings .— (1)  Interim briefing .— Not later than six months after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing on the development of the metrics described in subsection (a) for the study required under such subsection. 
 (2)  Final briefing .— Not later than one year after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing on the results of the study required under subsection (a).