SEC. 859.  10 USC 4811 note . DEMONSTRATION EXERCISE OF ENHANCED PLANNING FOR INDUSTRIAL MOBILIZATION AND SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT. (a)  Deadline. Demonstration Exercise Required .— Not later than December 31, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a demonstration exercise of industrial mobilization and supply chain management planning capabilities in support of one or more operational or contingency plan use cases, as selected in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. 
 (b)  Elements .— The demonstration exercise required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  Use of a current program that is both fielded and still in production from each military department, Defense Agency, and Department of Defense Field Activity in order to model a notional plan for mobilization or supply chain management, as associated with the selected operational or contingency plans. 
 (2)  The exercise of processes and authorities that support the Department of Defense for industrial mobilization in support of declared hostilities or other contingency operations. 
 (3)  The identification of process improvements or gaps in resources, capabilities, or authorities that require remediation, including those related to government or contractor production facilities, tooling, or workforce development. 
 (4)  The implementation of analytical tools and processes to monitor and assess the health of the industrial base and to use near real-time data and visualization capabilities in making production and distribution decisions, with an emphasis on identifying, assessing, and demonstrating commercially available tools. 
 (5)  The establishment and tracking of goals and metrics to support institutionalization of defense industrial base health assessment and planning. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing Required .— Not later than November 1, 2023, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees an interim briefing on the demonstration exercise required under subsection (a), including— 136 STAT. 2734 
 (1)  an identification of the programs and use cases to be demonstrated; 
 (2)  a description of methodology for executing the demonstration exercise, including analytical tools or metrics identified to support the process; and 
 (3)  any preliminary findings. 
 
 (d)  Assessment .— Not later than March 1, 2025, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report assessing the demonstration exercise required under subsection (a), including a description of— (1)  the programs and use cases considered in this demonstration exercise; 
 (2)  the outcomes of the activities required under subsection (b); 
 (3)  outcomes and conclusions; 
 (4)  lessons learned; and 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. any recommendations for legislative action that may be required as a result. 
 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section, the terms “military department”, “Defense Agency”, and “Defense Field Activity” have the meanings given those terms in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code .