SEC. 8359.  SOUTHWESTERN OREGON. (a)  Establishment of Program .— The Secretary may establish a program to provide environmental assistance to non-Federal interests in southwestern Oregon. 
 (b)  Form of Assistance .— Assistance provided under this section may be in the form of design and construction assistance  136 STAT. 3803 
for water-related environmental infrastructure and resource protection and development projects in southwestern Oregon, including projects for wastewater treatment and related facilities, water supply and related facilities, environmental restoration, and surface water resource protection and development. 
 (c)  Ownership Requirement .— The Secretary may provide assistance for a project under this section only if the project is publicly owned. 
 (d)  Contracts. Partnership Agreements .— (1)  In general .— Before providing assistance under this section to a non-Federal interest, the Secretary shall enter into a partnership agreement under section 221 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 ( 42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b ) with the non-Federal interest with respect to the project to be carried out with such assistance. 
 (2)  Requirements .— Each partnership agreement for a project entered into under this subsection shall provide for the following: (A)  Plans. Development by the Secretary, in consultation with appropriate Federal and State officials, of a facilities or resource protection and development plan, including appropriate engineering plans and specifications. 
 (B)  Establishment of such legal and institutional structures as are necessary to ensure the effective long-term operation of the project by the non-Federal interest. 
 
 (3)  Cost sharing .— (A)  In general .— The Federal share of the cost of a project carried out under this section— (i)  shall be 75 percent; and 
 (ii)  may be provided in the form of grants or reimbursements of project costs. 
 
 (B)  Credit for interest .— In case of a delay in the funding of the Federal share of a project that is the subject of a partnership agreement under this section, the non-Federal interest shall receive credit for reasonable interest incurred in providing the non-Federal share of the project cost. 
 (C)  Credit for land, easements, and rights-of-way .— Notwithstanding section 221(a)(4)(G) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 ( 42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(a)(4)(G) ), the non-Federal interest shall receive credit for land, easements, rights-of-way, and relocations toward the non-Federal share of project cost (including all reasonable costs associated with obtaining permits necessary for the construction, operation, and maintenance of the project on publicly owned or controlled land), but such credit may not exceed 25 percent of total project costs. 
 (D)  Operation and maintenance .— The non-Federal share of operation and maintenance costs for projects constructed with assistance provided under this section shall be 100 percent. 
 
 
 (e)  Authorization of Appropriations .— (1)  In general .— There is authorized to be appropriated $50,000,000 to carry out this section. 
 (2)  Corps of engineers expense .— Not more than 10 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this section  136 STAT. 3804 
may be used by the Corps of Engineers district offices to administer projects under this section at Federal expense. 
 
 (f)  Southwestern Oregon Defined .— In this section, the term “ southwestern Oregon ” means the counties of Benton, Coos, Curry, Douglas, Lane, Linn, and Josephine, Oregon.