SEC. 8233.  Requirements. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON ECONOMIC VALUATION OF PRESERVATION OF OPEN SPACE, RECREATIONAL AREAS, AND HABITAT ASSOCIATED WITH PROJECT LANDS. (a)  Review. Determination. In General .— The Secretary shall conduct a review of the existing statutory, regulatory, and policy requirements related to the determination of the economic value of lands that— (1)  may be provided by the non-Federal interest, as necessary, for the construction of a project for flood risk reduction or hurricane and storm risk reduction in accordance with section 103(i) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 33 U.S.C. 2213(i) ); 
 (2)  are being maintained for open space, recreational areas, or preservation of fish and wildlife habitat; and 
 (3)  will continue to be so maintained as part of the project. 
 
 (b)  Report to Congress .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report containing the results of the review conducted under subsection (a), including— (1)  Summary. a summary of the existing statutory, regulatory, and policy requirements described in such subsection; 
 (2)  a description of the requirements and process the Secretary uses to place an economic value on the lands described in such subsection; 
 (3)  Assessment. an assessment of whether such requirements and process affect the ability of a non-Federal interest to provide such lands for the construction of a project described in such subsection; 
 (4)  Assessment. an assessment of whether such requirements and process directly or indirectly encourage the selection of developed lands for the construction of a project, or have the potential to affect the total cost of a project; and 
 (5)  the identification of alternative measures for determining the economic value of such lands that could provide incentives for the preservation of open space, recreational areas, and habitat in association with the construction of a project.