SEC. 8220.  DISPOSITION STUDY ON HYDROPOWER IN THE WILLAMETTE VALLEY, OREGON. (a)  Disposition Study .— (1)  Determination. In general .— The Secretary shall carry out a disposition study to determine the Federal interest in, and identify the effects of, deauthorizing hydropower as an authorized purpose, in whole or in part, of the Willamette Valley hydropower project. 
 (2)  Review. Contents .— In carrying out the disposition study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall review the effects of deauthorizing hydropower on— (A)  Willamette Valley hydropower project operations; 
 (B)  other authorized purposes of such project; 
 (C)  cost apportionments; 
 (D)  dam safety; 
 (E)  Compliance. compliance with the requirements of the Endangered Species Act ( 16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq. ); and 
 (F)  the operations of the remaining dams within the Willamette Valley hydropower project. 
 
 (3)  Determination. Investigation. Recommendations .— If the Secretary, through the disposition study authorized by paragraph (1), determines that hydropower should be removed as an authorized purpose of any part of the Willamette Valley hydropower project, the Secretary shall also investigate and recommend any necessary structural or operational changes at such project that are necessary to achieve an appropriate balance among the remaining authorized purposes of such project or changes to such purposes. 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate that describes— (1)  the results of the disposition study on deauthorizing hydropower as a purpose of the Willamette Valley hydropower project; and 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. any recommendations required under subsection (a)(3). 
 
 (c)  Costs .— Until such time as the report required under subsection (b) is issued, any new construction-related expenditures of the Secretary at the Willamette Valley hydropower project that are assigned to hydropower shall not be reimbursable. 
 (d)  Definition .— In this section, the term “ Willamette Valley hydropower project ” means the system of dams and reservoir projects authorized to generate hydropower and the power features that operate in conjunction with the main regulating dam facilities, including the Big Cliff, Dexter, and Foster re-regulating dams in the Willamette River Basin, Oregon, as authorized by section 4  136 STAT. 3763 
of the Flood Control Act of 1938 (chapter 795,  52 Stat. 1222 ;  62 Stat. 1178 ;  64 Stat. 177 ;  68 Stat. 1264 ;  74 Stat. 499 ;  100 Stat. 4144 ).