SEC. 8232.  REPORT ON SOLAR ENERGY OPPORTUNITIES. (a)  Assessment .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary shall conduct an assessment, in collaboration with relevant Federal agencies and after consultation with relevant non-Federal interests, of opportunities to install and maintain photovoltaic solar panels (including floating solar panels) at covered projects. 
 (2)  Contents .— The assessment conducted under paragraph (1) shall— (A)  include a description of the economic, environmental, and technical viability of installing and maintaining, or contracting with third parties to install and maintain, photovoltaic solar panels at covered projects; 
 (B)  identify covered projects with a high potential for the installation and maintenance of photovoltaic solar panels and whether such installation and maintenance would require additional authorization; 
 (C)  account for potential impacts of photovoltaic solar panels at covered projects and the authorized purposes of such projects, including potential impacts on flood risk reduction, navigation, recreation, water supply, and fish and wildlife; and 
 (D)  account for the availability of electric grid infrastructure close to covered projects, including underutilized transmission infrastructure. 
 
 
 (b)  Public information. Web posting. Report to Congress .— Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress, and make publicly available (including on a publicly available website), a report containing the results of the assessment conducted under subsection (a). 136 STAT. 3767 
 (c)  Authorization of Appropriations .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary $10,000,000 to carry out this section. 
 (d)  Definition .— In this section, the term “ covered project ” means— (1)  any property under the control of the Corps of Engineers; and 
 (2)  any water resources development project constructed by the Secretary or over which the Secretary has financial or operational responsibility.