SEC. 858.  10 USC 4811 note . ANALYSES OF CERTAIN ACTIVITIES FOR ACTION TO ADDRESS SOURCING AND INDUSTRIAL CAPACITY. (a)  Analysis Required .— (1)  Reviews. Determination. In general .— The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and other appropriate officials, shall review the items under subsection (c) to determine and develop appropriate actions, consistent with the policies, programs, and activities required under subpart I of part V of subtitle A of  title 10, United States Code ,  chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code , and the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4501 et seq. ), including— (A)  restricting procurement, with appropriate waivers for cost, emergency requirements, and non-availability of suppliers, including restricting procurement to— (i)  suppliers in the United States; 
 (ii)  suppliers in the national technology and industrial base (as defined in  section 4801 of title 10, United States Code ); 
 (iii)  suppliers in other allied nations; or 
 (iv)  other suppliers; 136 STAT. 2732 
 
 (B)  increasing investment through use of research and development or procurement activities and acquisition authorities to— (i)  expand production capacity; 
 (ii)  diversify sources of supply; or 
 (iii)  promote alternative approaches for addressing military requirements; 
 
 (C)  prohibiting procurement from selected sources or nations; 
 (D)  taking a combination of actions described under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C); or 
 (E)  taking no action. 
 
 (2)  Considerations .— The analyses conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall consider national security, economic, and treaty implications, as well as impacts on current and potential suppliers of goods and services. 
 
 (b)  Reporting on Analyses, Recommendations, and Actions .— (1)  Briefing required .— Not later than January 15, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, in writing— (A)  Summary. a summary of the findings of the analyses undertaken for each item pursuant to subsection (a); 
 (B)  relevant recommendations resulting from the analyses; and 
 (C)  descriptions of specific activities undertaken as a result of the analyses, including schedule and resources allocated for any planned actions. 
 
 (2)  Reporting .— The Secretary of Defense shall include the analyses conducted under subsection (a), and any relevant recommendations and descriptions of activities resulting from such analyses, as appropriate, in each of the following during the 2024 calendar year: (A)  The annual report or quarterly briefings to Congress required under  section 4814 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (B)  The annual report on unfunded priorities of the national technology and industrial base required under section 4815 of such title. 
 (C)  Guidance. Department of Defense technology and industrial base policy guidance prescribed under section 4811(c) of such title. 
 (D)  Activities to modernize acquisition processes to ensure the integrity of the industrial base pursuant to section 4819 of such title. 
 (E)  Memorandums. Defense memoranda of understanding and related agreements considered in accordance with section 4851 of such title. 
 (F)  Industrial base or acquisition policy changes. 
 (G)  Legislative proposals for changes to relevant statutes which the Department shall consider, develop, and submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives not less frequently than once per fiscal year. 
 (H)  Other actions as the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate. 136 STAT. 2733 
 
 
 (c)  List of Goods and Services for Analyses, Recommendations, and Actions .— The items described in this subsection are the following: (1)  Solar components for satellites. 
 (2)  Satellite ground station service contracts. 
 (3)  Naval vessel shafts and propulsion system components (including reduction gears and propellers). 
 (4)  Infrastructure or equipment for a passenger boarding bridge at a military airport designated by the Secretary of Transportation under  section 47118(a) of title 49, United States Code . 
 (5)  Flags of the United States. 
 (6)  Natural rubber from herbaceous plants for military applications. 
 (7)  Alternative proteins as sustainable and secure food sources. 
 (8)  Carbon fiber.