SEC. 8311.  ACEQUIAS IRRIGATION SYSTEMS.   Section 1113 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 100 Stat. 4232 ;  110 Stat. 3719 )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (b)— (A)  by  striking  “ (b) Subject to section 903(a) of this Act, the Secretary is authorized and directed to undertake ” and  inserting  the following: “(b)  Authorization .— The Secretary shall carry out” 
 ; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ canals ” and all that follows through “ 100 percent. ” and  inserting  the following:  “channels attendant to the operations of the community ditch and Acequia systems in New Mexico that— 136 STAT. 3782 
 “(1)  are declared to be a political subdivision of the State; or 
 “(2)  belong to an Indian Tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5304 )).” 
 ; 
 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subsection (c) as subsection (f); 
 (3)  by  inserting  after subsection (b) the following: “(c)  Inclusions .— The measures described in subsection (b) shall, to the maximum extent practicable— “(1)  ensure greater resiliency of diversion structures, including to flow variations, prolonged drought conditions, invasive plant species, and threats from changing hydrological and climatic conditions; or 
 “(2)  support research, development, and training for innovative management solutions, including those for controlling invasive aquatic plants that affect acequias. 
 
 “(d)  Cost Sharing .— The non-Federal share of the cost of carrying out the measures described in subsection (b), including study costs, shall be 25 percent, except that in the case of a measure benefitting an economically disadvantaged community (as defined by the Secretary under section 160 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 33 U.S.C. 2201 note )), including economically disadvantaged communities located in urban and rural areas, the Federal share of the cost of carrying out such measure shall be 90 percent. 
 “(e)  Authorization of Appropriations .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the measures described in subsection (b) $80,000,000.” 
 ; and 
 (4)  in subsection (f) (as so redesignated)— (A)  in the first sentence— (i)  by  striking  “ (f) The Secretary is further authorized and directed to ” and  inserting  the following: “(f)  Public Entity Status .— “(1)  In general .— The Secretary shall” 
 
 ; and 
 (ii)  by  inserting  “ or belong to an Indian Tribe within the State of New Mexico ” after “ that State ”; and 
 
 (B)  in the second sentence, by  striking  “ This public entity status will allow the officials of these Acequia systems ” and  inserting  the following: “(2)  Effect .— The public entity status provided under paragraph (1) shall allow the officials of the Acequia systems described in such paragraph” 
 .