SEC. 8122.  NATIONAL LOW-HEAD DAM INVENTORY.   The National Dam Safety Program Act ( 33 U.S.C. 467 et seq. )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following: “SEC. 15.  33 USC 467o . NATIONAL LOW-HEAD DAM INVENTORY. “(a)  Definitions .— In this section: “(1)  Inventory .— The term ‘ inventory ’ means the national low-head dam inventory developed under subsection (b)(1)(A). 
 “(2)  Low-head dam .— The term ‘ low-head dam ’ means a river-wide artificial barrier that generally spans a stream channel, blocking the waterway and creating a backup of water  136 STAT. 3714 
behind the barrier, with a drop off over the wall of not less than 6 inches and not more than 25 feet. 
 
 “(b)  National Low-Head Dam Inventory .— “(1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of the Army, in consultation with the heads of appropriate Federal and State agencies, shall— “(A)  develop an inventory of low-head dams in the United States that includes— “(i)  the location, ownership, description, current use, condition, height, and length of each low-head dam; 
 “(ii)  any information on public safety conditions at each low-head dam; 
 “(iii)  public safety information on the dangers of low-head dams; 
 “(iv)  a directory of financial and technical assistance resources available to reduce safety hazards and fish passage barriers at low-head dams; and 
 “(v)  any other relevant information concerning low-head dams; and 
 
 “(B)  submit the inventory to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
 
 “(2)  Data .— In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary shall— “(A)  coordinate with Federal and State agencies and other relevant entities; and 
 “(B)  use data provided to the Secretary by those agencies and entities. 
 
 “(3)  Web posting. Public availability .— The Secretary shall make the inventory publicly available, including on a publicly available website. 
 “(4)  Updates .— The Secretary, in consultation with the heads of appropriate Federal and State agencies, shall maintain and periodically publish updates to the inventory. 
 
 “(c)  Authorization of Appropriations .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out this section $30,000,000. 
 “(d)  Clarification .— Nothing in this section provides authority to the Secretary to carry out an activity, with respect to a low-head dam, that is not explicitly authorized under this section.” 
 
 .