SEC. 8155.  33 USC 2280 note . CONTINUATION OF CONSTRUCTION. (a)  Continuation of Construction .— (1)  In general .— Upon the transmittal of an initial notification pursuant to subsection (b)(1) with respect to a water resources development project, the Secretary shall not, solely on the basis of the maximum cost requirements under section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 33 U.S.C. 2280 )— (A)  defer the initiation or continuation of construction of the water resources development project during the covered period; or 136 STAT. 3737 
 (B)  Contracts. terminate during or after the covered period, a contract for design or construction of the water resources development project that was entered into prior to or during the covered period. 
 
 (2)  Time period. Resumption of construction .— The Secretary shall, upon the transmittal of an initial notification pursuant to subsection (b)(1) with respect to a water resources development project for which construction was deferred, during the period beginning on October 1, 2021, and ending on the date of enactment of this Act, because the cost of such project exceeded the maximum cost permitted under section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 33 U.S.C. 2280 ), resume construction of the project. 
 
 (b)  Deadlines. Notification .— (1)  Determination. Initial notification .— Not later than 30 days after the Chief of Engineers makes a determination that a water resources development project exceeds, or is expected to exceed, the maximum cost of the project permitted under section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 33 U.S.C. 2280 ), the Chief of Engineers shall transmit a written notification concurrently to the Secretary and to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives for each such determination. 
 (2)  Supplemental notification .— Not later than 60 days after the Chief of Engineers transmits an initial notification required under paragraph (1), the Chief shall transmit concurrently to the Secretary and to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a supplemental notification that includes, based on information available to the Corps of Engineers on the date of the supplemental notification— (A)  Estimate. an estimate of the expected increase in the cost of the project that is in excess of the authorized maximum cost for the project; 
 (B)  a description of the reason for the increased cost of the project; and 
 (C)  Timeline. the expected timeline for submission of a post-authorization change report for the project in accordance with section 1132 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 ( 33 U.S.C. 2282e ). 
 
 (3)  Transmittal .— The notifications described in paragraphs (1) and (2) may not be delayed as a result of consideration being given to changes in policy or priority with respect to project consideration. 
 
 (c)  Deferral of Construction .— After expiration of the covered period, the Secretary shall not enter into any new contract, or exercise any option in a contract, for construction of a water resources development project if the project exceeds the maximum cost of the project permitted under section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 33 U.S.C. 2280 ), until the date on which Congress authorizes an increase in the cost of the project. 
 (d)  Reports. Recommenda- tions. Statutory Construction .— Nothing in this section waives the obligation of the Secretary to submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee  136 STAT. 3738 
on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a post-authorization change report recommending an increase in the authorized cost of a project if the project otherwise would exceed the maximum cost of the project permitted under section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 33 U.S.C. 2280 ). 
 (e)  Definition of Covered Period .— In this section, the term “ covered period ” means the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2024.