SEC. 8309.  COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN. (a)  Study of Flood Risk Management Activities .— (1)  Determination. Reports. Recommenda- tions. In general .— Using funds made available to carry out this section, the Secretary is authorized, at Federal expense, to carry out a study to determine the feasibility of a project for flood risk management and related purposes in the Columbia River Basin and to report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate with recommendations thereon, including recommendations for a project to potentially reduce the reliance on Canada for flood risk management in the basin. 
 (2)  Coordination .— The Secretary shall carry out the activities described in this subsection in coordination with other Federal and State agencies and Indian Tribes. 
 
 (b)  Funds for Columbia River Treaty Obligations .— (1)  Canada. In general .— The Secretary is authorized to expend funds appropriated for the purpose of satisfying United States obligations under the Columbia River Treaty to compensate Canada for operating Canadian storage on behalf of the United States under such treaty. 
 (2)  Notification .— If the U.S. entity calls upon Canada to operate Canadian reservoir storage for flood risk management on behalf of the United States, which operation may  136 STAT. 3781 
incur an obligation to compensate Canada under the Columbia River Treaty— (A)  Deadline. the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Environment and Public Works and Appropriations of the Senate, by not later than 30 days after the initiation of the call, a written notice of the action and a justification, including a description of the circumstances necessitating the call; 
 (B)  Determination. upon a determination by the United States of the amount of compensation that shall be paid to Canada, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Environment and Public Works and Appropriations of the Senate a written notice specifying such amount and an explanation of how such amount was derived, which notification shall not delay or impede the flood risk management mission of the U.S. entity; and 
 (C)  the Secretary shall make no payment to Canada for the call under the Columbia River Treaty until such time as funds appropriated for the purpose of compensating Canada under such treaty are available. 
 
 (3)  Definitions .— In this section: (A)  Columbia river basin .— The term “ Columbia River Basin ” means the entire United States portion of the Columbia River watershed. 
 (B)  Columbia river treaty .— The term “ Columbia River Treaty ” means the treaty relating to cooperative development of the water resources of the Columbia River Basin, signed at Washington January 17, 1961, and entered into force September 16, 1964. 
 (C)  U.S. entity .— The term “ U.S. entity ” means the entity designated by the United States under Article XIV of the Columbia River Treaty.