SEC. 9601.  UNITED STATES PARTICIPATION IN INTERNATIONAL FAIRS AND EXPOSITIONS. (a)  Defined Term .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; 
 (2)  the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
 (4)  the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (b)  Time periods. Authorization of Appropriations .— Consistent with section 204 of the Admiral James W. Nance and Meg Donovan Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 2000 and 2001 ( 22 U.S.C. 2452b ), subject to subsections (c) and (d), there is authorized to be appropriated to the Department up to $25,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2023 and 2024 for United States participation in international fairs and expositions abroad, including for the construction and operation of a United States pavilion at Expo 2025 Osaka. 
 (c)  Cost-share Requirement .— Amounts made available pursuant to subsection (b) to the Department for a United States pavilion or other major exhibit at an international fair or exposition abroad shall be made available on a cost-matching basis, to the maximum extent practicable, from sources other than the United States Government. 
 (d)  Notification .— (1)  Time period. In general .— No funds made available pursuant to subsection (b) to the Department for a United States pavilion or other major exhibit at an international fair or exposition abroad may be obligated until at least 15 days after the appropriate committees of Congress have been notified of such intended obligation. 
 (2)  Matters to be included .— Each notification under paragraph (1) shall include— (A)  a description of the source of such funds, including any funds reprogrammed or transferred by the Department to be made available for such pavilion or other major exhibit abroad; 
 (B)  Estimate. an estimate of the amount of investment such pavilion or other major exhibit abroad could bring to the United States; and 136 STAT. 3910 
 (C)  a description of the strategy of the Department to identify and obtain such matching funds from sources other than the United States Government, in accordance with subsection (c). 
 
 
 (e)  Final Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which a United States pavilion or other major exhibit abroad is opened at an international fair or exposition in accordance with this section, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress that includes— (1)  the number of United States businesses that participated in such pavilion or other major exhibit; and 
 (2)  the dollar amount and source of any matching funds obtained by the Department.