SEC. 9206.  22 USC 2719c . FACILITATION AND ENCOURAGEMENT OF TRAINING AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT FOR FOREIGN SERVICE AND CIVIL SERVICE PERSONNEL. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that recognition throughout the Department of the value and importance of training and professional development for Foreign Service and Civil Service personnel is vital to the development and maintenance by such personnel of the skills and expertise required for the Department to contribute fully and effectively to the conduct of the foreign affairs of the United States. 
 (b)  Study and Report .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary, in consultation with the heads of relevant Federal agencies, shall conduct a study of the feasibility and cost of establishing a diplomatic officers’ reserve corps or similar mechanism to augment the Department’s personnel needs at any level on a temporary or permanent basis. 
 (2)  Elements .— In conducting the study required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider whether the diplomatic officers’ reserve corps should be modeled on the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps established under  chapter 103 of title 10, United States Code , to encourage the recruitment and retention of personnel who have the critical language skills necessary to meet the requirements of the Foreign Service by providing financial assistance to students studying critical languages at institutions of higher education. 
 (3)  Report .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that contains the results of the study conducted pursuant to paragraph (1). 
 
 (c)  Training and Development in Promotion Precepts and Evaluation Criteria .— (1)  Recommenda- tions. Foreign service .— The Secretary shall take appropriate action to ensure accountability and transparency in the evaluation of the precepts described in section 603 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 ( 22 U.S.C. 4003 ) upon which the selection boards established pursuant to section 602 of such Act ( 22 U.S.C. 4002 ) make recommendations for the promotion of members of the Foreign Service under section 601 of such Act ( 22 U.S.C. 4001 ) by affording equal consideration to the undertaking of training, professional development, and foreign language acquisition and retention among any other objective criteria considered by selection boards in making such recommendations. 
 (2)  Civil service .— The Secretary shall take appropriate action to ensure that the performance standards for any job performance appraisal system for Civil Service personnel of the Department afford equal consideration to the undertaking of training, professional development, and foreign language acquisition and retention among any other objective criteria in the evaluation of the job performance of such personnel. 
 
 (d)  Response to Subordinate Training and Development Needs in Evaluation of Supervisor Performance .— (1)  Foreign service .— The Secretary shall take appropriate action to ensure that the evaluation of precepts for recommendations for promotion described in subsection (c)(1) for members of the Foreign Service in supervisory positions  136 STAT. 3872 
incorporates the extent to which such members appropriately address the training and professional development needs of the personnel under their supervision. 
 (2)  Civil service .— The Secretary shall take appropriate action to ensure that the performance standards described in subsection (c)(2) for Civil Service personnel of the Department in supervisory positions afford appropriate weight to addressing the training and professional development needs of the personnel under their supervision.