SEC. 917.  Deadlines. 10 USC 2223 note . DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM FOR COMPONENT CONTENT MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS. (a)  In General .— Not later than July 1, 2023, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the official designated under section 238(b) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ;  10 U.S.C. note  prec. 4061), shall complete a pilot program to demonstrate the application of component content management systems to a distinct set of data of the Department. 
 (b)  Consultation. Selection of Data Set .— In selecting a distinct set of data of the Department for purposes of the pilot program required by subsection (a), the Chief Information Officer shall consult with, at a minimum, the following: (1)  The Office of the Secretary of Defense, with respect to directives, instructions, and other regulatory documents of the Department. 
 (2)  The Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Joint Staff, with respect to execution orders. 
 (3)  The Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the military departments, with respect to technical manuals. 
 (4)  The Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, with respect to Contract Data Requirements List documents. 
 
 (c)  Authority to Enter Into Contracts .— Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of Defense may enter into contracts or other agreements with public or private entities to conduct studies and demonstration projects under the pilot program required by subsection (a). 
 (c)  Plans. Briefing Required .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on plans to implement the pilot program required by subsection (a). 
 (d)  Component Content Management System Defined .— In this section, the term “ component content management system ” means any content management system that enables the management of content at a component level instead of at the document level. 136 STAT. 2757