SEC. 9108.  SENSE OF CONGRESS AND STRATEGIC PLAN REGARDING THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE’S UNIT FOR SUBNATIONAL DIPLOMACY. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Municipal .— The term “ municipal ” means the government of a city in the United States with a population of not fewer than 100,000 people. 
 (2)  State .— The term “ State ” means the 50 States of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any territory or possession of the United States. 
 (3)  Subnational engagement .— The term “ subnational engagement ” means formal meetings or events between elected officials of a State or municipal government and their foreign counterparts. 
 
 (b)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  the growth of subnational cooperation has enabled States and municipalities to play an increasingly significant role in foreign policy and complement the efforts of the Department; 
 (2)  the Department’s recently established Unit for Subnational Diplomacy will play a critical role in leveraging the Department’s resources to support State and municipal governments in conducting subnational engagement and increasing cooperation with foreign allies and partners; and 
 (3)  in facilitating such subnational engagements, the Department should engage with a broad array of United States cities without regard to their population size or location; 
 
 (c)  Strategic Plan .— The Special Representative for Subnational Diplomacy shall submit a strategic plan to the appropriate congressional committees for the operations of the Unit for Subnational Diplomacy, including the Department’s plans for— (1)  supporting subnational engagements involving policymakers from urban and rural areas to improve United States foreign policy effectiveness; 
 (2)  enhancing the awareness, understanding, and involvement of United States citizens, including citizens residing in urban and rural areas, in the foreign policy process; 
 (3)  countering subnational diplomacy efforts from adversarial nations; 
 (4)  strengthening engagement with foreign subnational governments; and 
 (5)  any other operations that the Secretary determines to be relevant. 
 
 (d)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in this subsection may be construed to preclude— (1)  the Unit for Subnational Diplomacy Office from being elevated to a bureau within the Department; or 136 STAT. 3861 
 (2)  the Special Representative for Subnational Diplomacy from being elevated to an Assistant Secretary if the addition of such Assistant Secretary position does not increase the number of Assistant Secretary positions at the Department above the number of such positions authorized under section 1(c)(1) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 ( 22 U.S.C. 2651a(c)(1) ).