SEC. 9718.  REPORT ON COUNTERING THE ACTIVITIES OF MALIGN ACTORS. (a)  Report .— (1)  Africa. In general .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation  136 STAT. 3923 
with the Secretary of the Treasury and the Administrator, shall submit a report to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives regarding United States diplomatic efforts in Africa in achieving United States policy goals and countering the activities of malign actors. 
 (2)  Assessments. Elements .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A)  Studies. Country listing. Time period. case studies from Mali, Sudan, the Central African Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Burkina Faso, and South Sudan, with the goal of assessing the effectiveness of diplomatic tools during the 5-year period ending on the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
 (B)  an assessment of— (i)  the extent and effectiveness of certain diplomatic tools to advance United States priorities in the respective case study countries, including— (I)  in-country diplomatic presence; 
 (II)  humanitarian and development assistance; 
 (III)  support for increased 2-way trade and investment; 
 (IV)  United States security assistance; 
 (V)  public diplomacy; and 
 (VI)  accountability measures, including sanctions; 
 
 (ii)  whether the use of the diplomatic tools described in clause (i) achieved the diplomatic ends for which they were intended; and 
 (iii)  China. Russia. the means by which the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China exploited any openings for diplomatic engagement in the case study countries. 
 
 
 
 (b)  Classified information. Form .— The report required under subsection (b) shall be submitted in classified form. 
 (c)  Deadline. Classified Briefing Required .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Administrator shall jointly brief Congress regarding the report required under subsection (b).