SEC. 9212.  22 USC 3921 note . MANAGEMENT ASSESSMENTS AT DIPLOMATIC AND CONSULAR POSTS. (a)  Deadline. Surveys. In General .— Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall annually conduct, at each diplomatic and consular post, a voluntary survey, which shall be offered to all staff assigned to that post who are citizens of the United States (excluding the Chief of Mission) to assess the management and leadership of that post by the Chief of Mission, the Deputy Chief of Mission, and the Charge d’Affaires. 
 (b)  Anonymity .— All responses to the survey shall be— (1)  fully anonymized; and 
 (2)  made available to the Director General of the Foreign Service. 136 STAT. 3875 
 
 (c)  Survey .— The survey shall seek to assess— (1)  the general morale at post; 
 (2)  the presence of any hostile work environment; 
 (3)  the presence of any harassment, discrimination, retaliation, or other mistreatment; and 
 (4)  effective leadership and collegial work environment. 
 
 (d)  Director General Recommendations .— Upon compilation and review of the surveys, the Director General of the Foreign Service shall issue recommendations to posts, as appropriate, based on the findings of the surveys. 
 (e)  Inspection. Referral .— If the surveys reveal any action that is grounds for referral to the Inspector General of the Department of State and the Foreign Service, the Director General of the Foreign Service may refer the matter to the Inspector General of the Department of State and the Foreign Service, who shall, as the Inspector General considers appropriate, conduct an inspection of the post in accordance with section 209(b) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 ( 22 U.S.C. 3929(b) ). 
 (f)  Annual Report .— The Director General of the Foreign Service shall submit an annual report to the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1)  any trends or summaries from the surveys; 
 (2)  the posts where corrective action was recommended or taken in response to any issues identified by the surveys; and 
 (3)  the number of referrals to the Inspector General of the Department of State and the Foreign Service, as applicable. 
 
 (g)  Time period. Initial Basis .— The surveys and reports required under this section shall be carried out on an initial basis for the 5-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act.