SEC. 1204.  MODIFICATION OF EXISTING AUTHORITIES TO PROVIDE FOR AN IRREGULAR WARFARE CENTER AND A REGIONAL DEFENSE FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. (a)  In General .— Section 345 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  amending  the section heading to read as follows: “ Irregular Warfare Center and Regional Defense Fellowship Program ”; 
 (2)  in subsection (a)— (A)  in the subsection heading, by  striking  “ Program Authorized ” and  inserting  “ Authorities ”; 
 (B)  by  amending  paragraph (1) to read as follows: “(1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense may— “(A)  operate and administer a Center for Strategic Studies in Irregular Warfare, to be known as the ‘Irregular Warfare Center’, in accordance with the requirements described in subsection (c); and 
 “(B)  carry out a program, to be known as the ‘Regional Defense Fellowship Program’, to provide for the education and training of foreign personnel described in paragraph (2) at military or civilian educational institutions, the Irregular Warfare Center, regional centers, conferences, seminars, or other training programs conducted for purposes of regional defense in connection with irregular warfare or combating terrorism.” 
 
 ; 
 (C)  by  striking  paragraphs (2) and (3); and 
 (D)  by  inserting  after paragraph (1) (as amended) the following: “(2)  Covered costs .— The Secretary may pay the following costs associated with exercising the authorities under this section: “(A)  Costs of travel, subsistence, and similar personnel expenses of, and special compensation for— “(i)  defense personnel of friendly foreign governments to attend activities of the Irregular Warfare Center or attend the Regional Defense Fellowship Program; 
 “(ii)  with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, other personnel of friendly foreign governments and non-governmental personnel to attend activities of the Irregular Warfare Center or attend the Regional Defense Fellowship Program; and 
 “(iii)  foreign personnel and United States Government personnel necessary for the administration and execution of the authorities under this section. 
 
 “(B)  Costs associated with the administration and operation of the Irregular Warfare Center, including costs associated with— “(i)  research, communication, the exchange of ideas, curriculum development and review, and training of military and civilian participants of the United States and other countries, as the Secretary considers necessary; and 
 “(ii)  maintaining an international network of irregular warfare policymakers and practitioners to achieve the objectives of the Department of Defense and the Department of State. 136 STAT. 2828 
 
 “(C)  Costs associated with strategic engagement with alumni of the Regional Defense Fellowship Program to address Department of Defense objectives and planning on irregular warfare and combating terrorism topics.” 
 
 ; 
 
 (3)  in subsection (b)— (A)  in the subsection heading, by  striking  “ Regulations ” and  inserting  “ Regulations for Regional Defense Fellowship Program ”; and 
 (B)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ The program authorized by subsection (a) ” and  inserting  “ The authorities granted to the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a)(1)(B) ”; 
 
 (4)  by  redesignating  subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; 
 (5)  by  inserting  after subsection (b) the following: “(c)  Irregular Warfare Center .— “(1)  Mission .— The mission of the Irregular Warfare Center shall be to serve as a central mechanism for developing the irregular warfare knowledge of the Department of Defense and advancing the understanding of irregular warfare concepts and doctrine, in collaboration with key partners and allies, by— “(A)  coordinating and aligning Department education curricula, standards, and objectives related to irregular warfare; 
 “(B)  facilitating research on irregular warfare, strategic competition, and the role of the Department in supporting interagency activities relating to irregular warfare; 
 “(C)  engaging and coordinating with Federal departments and agencies and with academia, nongovernmental organizations, civil society, and international partners to discuss and coordinate efforts on security challenges in irregular warfare; 
 “(D)  developing curriculum and conducting training and education of military and civilian participants of the United States and other countries, as determined by the Secretary of Defense; and 
 “(E)  serving as a coordinating body and central repository for irregular warfare resources, including educational activities and programs, and lessons learned across components of the Department. 
 
 “(2)  Employment and compensation of faculty .— With respect to the Irregular Warfare Center— “(A)  the Secretary of Defense may, subject to the availability of appropriations, employ a Director, a Deputy Director, and such civilians as professors, instructors, and lecturers, as the Secretary considers necessary; and 
 “(B)  compensation of individuals employed under this section shall be as prescribed by the Secretary. 
 
 “(3)  Partnership with institution of higher education .— “(A)  In general .— In operating the Irregular Warfare Center, to promote integration throughout the United States Government and civil society across the full spectrum of irregular warfare competition and conflict challenges, the Secretary of Defense may partner with an institution of higher education (as such term is defined  136 STAT. 2829 
in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 )). 
 “(B)  Contracts. Types of partnerships .— The Secretary may establish a partnership under subparagraph (A) by— “(i)  entering into an intergovernmental support agreement pursuant to section 2679 of this title; or 
 “(ii)  entering into a contract or cooperative agreement or awarding a grant through the Defense Security Cooperation University. 
 
 “(C)  Determination required .— The Secretary of Defense shall make a determination with respect to the desirability of partnering with an institution of higher education in a Government-owned, contractor-operated partnership, such as the partnership structure used by the Department of Defense for University Affiliated Research Centers, for meeting the mission requirements of the Irregular Warfare Center. 
 
 “(4)  Guidance. Roles and responsibilities .— The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe guidance for the roles and responsibilities of the relevant components of the Department of Defense in the administration, operation, and oversight of the Irregular Warfare Center, which shall include the roles and responsibilities of the following: “(A)  The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict in policy oversight and governance structure of the Center. 
 “(B)  The Director of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, as the Executive Agent in support of the operation of the Center. 
 “(C)  Any other official of the Department of Defense, as determined by the Secretary.” 
 
 
 ; 
 (6)  in subsection (d) (as redesignated), by  striking  “ subsection (a) ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ subsection (a)(1)(B) ”; 
 (7)  in subsection (e) (as redesignated)— (A)  in paragraph (3), by  striking  “ subsection (a) ” and  inserting  “ subsection (a)(1)(B) ”; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(6)  A discussion of how the training from the previous year incorporated lessons learned from ongoing conflicts.” 
 ; and 
 
 (8)  by  inserting  after subsection (e) (as redesignated) the following: “(f)  Deadline. Annual Review of Irregular Warfare Center .— Not later than December 1, 2024, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense— “(1)  Determination. shall conduct a review of the structure and activities of the Irregular Warfare Center to determine whether such structure and activities are appropriately aligned with the strategic priorities of the Department of Defense and the applicable combatant commands; and 
 “(2)  may, after an annual review under paragraph (1), revise the relevant structure and activities so as to more appropriately align such structure and activities with the strategic priorities and combatant commands.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of chapter 16 of title 10, 10 USC prec. 341.  United States Code,  136 STAT. 2830 
 is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 345 and  inserting  the following: 
 
 “345.  
 Irregular Warfare Center and Regional Defense Fellowship Program.”. 
 
 
 (c)  Repeal of Treatment as Regional Center for Security Studies .— Section 1299L(b) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  134 Stat. 4012 ;  10 U.S.C. 342 note )  is amended — (1)  by  striking  paragraph (2); and 
 (2)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. 
 
 (d)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that a Center for Security Studies in Irregular Warfare established under  section 345 of title 10, United States Code , as amended by subsection (a), should be known as the “John S. McCain III Center for Security Studies in Irregular Warfare”. 
 (e)  Plan for Irregular Warfare Center .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a plan for establishing the structure, operations, and administration of the Irregular Warfare Center described in  section 345(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code , as amended by subsection (a)(2)(B). 
 (2)  Elements .— The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include— (A)  Timeline. a timeline and milestones for the establishment of the Irregular Warfare Center; and 
 (B)  steps to enter into partnerships and resource agreements with academic institutions of the Department of Defense or other academic institutions, including any agreement for hosting or operating the Irregular Warfare Center.