SEC. 1260.  Deadlines. ENHANCING MAJOR DEFENSE PARTNERSHIP WITH INDIA. (a)  In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall direct appropriate personnel within the Department of Defense to seek to engage appropriate counterparts within the Ministry of Defence of India for the purpose of expanding cooperation on emerging technologies, readiness, and logistics. 
 (b)  Topics .— At a minimum, the personnel described in subsection (a) shall seek to engage their counterparts in the Ministry of Defense of India on the following topics: (1)  Intelligence collection capabilities. 
 (2)  Unmanned aerial vehicles. 
 (3)  Fourth and fifth generation aircraft. 
 (4)  Depot-level maintenance. 
 (5)  Joint research and development. 
 (6)  Fifth generation wireless communication and Open Radio Access Network technologies. 
 (7)  Defensive cyber capabilities. 
 (8)  Cold-weather capabilities. 
 (9)  Critical and emerging technologies. 
 (10)  Any other matters the Secretary considers relevant. 
 
 (c)  Briefing .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress that includes— (1)  Assessment. an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of expanding cooperation with the Ministry of Defence of India on the topics described in subsection (b); 
 (2)  a description of other opportunities to expand cooperation with the Ministry of Defence of India on topics other than the topics described in such subsection; 
 (3)  a description of any challenges, including agreements, authorities, and resourcing, that need to be addressed so as to expand cooperation with the Ministry of Defence of India on the topics described in such subsection; 136 STAT. 2856 
 (4)  an articulation of security considerations to ensure the protection of research and development, intellectual property, and United States-provided equipment from being stolen or exploited by adversaries; 
 (5)  an identification of opportunities for academia and private industry to participate in expanded cooperation with the Ministry of Defence of India; 
 (6)  a discussion of opportunities and challenges related to reducing India’s reliance on Russian-built weapons and defense systems; and 
 (7)  any other matter the Secretary considers relevant. 
 
 (d)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.