SEC. 1262.  REPORT ON BILATERAL AGREEMENTS SUPPORTING UNITED STATES MILITARY POSTURE IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. (a)  Report Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the adequacy of existing bilateral defense and security agreements between the United States and foreign governments that support the existing and planned military posture of the United States in the Indo-Pacific region. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An accounting of existing bilateral defense and security agreements that support the military posture of the United States in the Indo-Pacific region, by country and type. 
 (2)  An articulation of the need for new bilateral defense and security agreements, by country and type, to support a more distributed United States military posture in the Indo-Pacific region, as outlined by the Global Force Posture Review, including agreements necessary— (A)  to establish new cooperative security locations, forward operating locations, and other locations in support of distributed operations; and 
 (B)  to enable exercises and a more rotational force presence. 
 
 (3)  A description of the relative priority of the agreements articulated under paragraph (2). 
 (4)  Any specific request, financial or otherwise, made by a foreign government or a Federal agency other than the Department of Defense that complicates the completion of such agreements. 
 (5)  A description of Department activities planned for the current and subsequent fiscal year that are intended to contribute to the completion of such agreements. 
 (6)  A description of the manner in which the necessity for such agreements is communicated to, and coordinated with, the Secretary of State. 136 STAT. 2858 
 (7)  Any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. 
 
 (c)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.