SEC. 1256.  10 USC note prec. 421. ENHANCED INDICATIONS AND WARNING FOR DETERRENCE AND DISSUASION. (a)  Establishment of Program for Enhanced Indications and Warning .— (1)  Authority .— The Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency may establish a program to increase warning time of potential aggression by adversary nation states, focusing especially on the United States Indo-Pacific Command and United States European Command areas of operations. 
 (2)  Designation .— If the Director establishes the program under paragraph (1), the program shall be known as the “Program for Enhanced Indications and Warning” (in this section referred to as the “Program”). 
 (3)  Purpose .— The purpose of the Program that may be established under paragraph (1) is to gain increased warning time to provide time for the Department of Defense to mount deterrence and dissuasion actions to persuade adversaries to refrain from aggression, including through potential revelations or demonstrations of capabilities and actions to create doubt in the minds of adversary leaders regarding the prospects for military success. 
 
 (b)  Head of Program .— (1)  Appointment .— If the Director establishes the Program, the Director shall appoint a defense intelligence officer to serve as the mission manager for the Program. 
 (2)  Designation .— The mission manager for the Program shall be known as the “Program Manager for Enhanced Indications and Warning” (in this section referred to as the “Program Manager”). 136 STAT. 2852 
 
 (c)  Sources of Information and Analysis .— If the Director establishes the Program, the Program Manager shall ensure that the Program makes use of all available sources of information, from public, commercial, and classified sources across the intelligence community and the Department of Defense, and advanced analytics, including artificial intelligence, to establish a system capable of discerning deviations from normal patterns of behavior and activity that may indicate preparations for military actions. 
 (d)  Integration With Other Programs .— (1)  Support .— If the Director establishes the Program, the Program shall be supported, as appropriate, by the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer, the Maven project, by capabilities sponsored by the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security, and programs already underway within the Defense Intelligence Agency. 
 (2)  Agreements .— If the Director establishes the Program, the Director shall seek to engage in agreements to integrate information and capabilities from other components of the intelligence community to facilitate the purpose of the Program. 
 
 (e)  Deadline. Time period. Briefings .— If the Director establishes the Program, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter through 2027, the Program Manager shall provide the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the status of the activities of the Program. 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional defense committees; and 
 (B)  the congressional intelligence committees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 )). 
 
 (2)  The term “ intelligence community ” has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 ).