SEC. 1533.  Deadlines. 10 USC 167b note . TOTAL FORCE GENERATION FOR THE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES. (a)  Study .— (1)  Requirement .— Not later than June 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall complete a study on the responsibilities of the military services for organizing, training, and presenting the total force to United States Cyber Command. 
 (2)  Assessments. Elements .— The study under paragraph (1) shall assess the following: (A)  Which military services should man, train, equip, and organize the forces necessary to execute the functions and missions of the Cyber Mission Force and the Cyberspace Operations Forces for assignment, allocation, and apportionment to, or under the directive authority of, the United States Cyber Command. 
 (B)  The sufficiency of the military service accession and training model to provide forces to the Cyberspace Operations Forces and the sufficiency of the accessions and personnel resourcing of the supporting command and control staffs necessary as a component to the United States Cyber Command. 
 (C)  The organization of the Cyber Mission Forces and whether the total forces or elements of the forces function best as a collection of independent teams or through a different model. 
 (D)  How to correct chronic shortages of proficient personnel in key work roles. 
 (E)  The need for additional work roles or skills to enable effective infrastructure management and generate access to targets. 
 (F)  What unique or training-intensive expertise is required for each of the work roles identified in subparagraph (E) and whether native talents to master unique and training-intensive work roles can be identified and how personnel with those talents can be developed, retained, and employed across the active and reserve components. 136 STAT. 2904 
 (G)  The appropriate pay scales, rotation or force management policies, career paths and progression, expertise-based grading, talent management practices, and training for each of those work roles, given expected operational requirements. 
 (H)  Whether a single military service should be responsible for basic, intermediate, and advanced training for the Cyber Mission Force. 
 (I)  The level of training required before an individual should be assigned, allocated, or apportioned to the United States Cyber Command. 
 (J)  Whether or how the duties of the Director of the National Security Agency and the duties of the Commander of United States Cyber Command, resting with a single individual, enable each respective organization, and whether technical directors and intelligence experts of the National Security Agency should serve rotations in the Cyber Mission Force. 
 (K)  How nonmilitary personnel, such as civilian government employees, contracted experts, commercial partners, and domain or technology-specific experts in industry or the intelligence community can serve in, augment, or support Cyber Mission Force teams. 
 (L)  What work roles in the Cyberspace Operations Forces can only be filled by military personnel, which work roles can be filled by civilian employees or contractors, and which work roles should be filled partially or fully by civilians due to the need for longevity of service to achieve required skill levels or retention rates. 
 (M)  How specialized cyber experience, developed and maintained in the reserve component, can be more effectively leveraged to support the Cyberspace Operations Forces through innovative force generation models. 
 (N)  Whether the Department of Defense should create a separate service to perform the functions and missions currently performed by Cyber Mission Force units generated by multiple military services. 
 (O)  Whether the Department of Defense is maximizing partnerships with industry and other nontraditional sources of expertise and capacity in the areas of critical infrastructure protection and information sharing. 
 (P)  Whether the Defense Readiness Reporting System of the Department of Defense is sufficient to capture Cyber Mission Force readiness metrics. 
 
 (3)  Considerations .— The study required by paragraph (1) shall consider existing models for total force generation practices and programs, as well as nontraditional and creative alternatives. 
 
 (b)  Recommendations .— (1)  In general .— Not later than June 1, 2024, the Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department of Defense and the Commander of the United States Cyber Command shall submit to the Secretary of Defense one or more recommendations, respectively, as to the future total force generation model for both the Cyber Mission Force and the Cyberspace Operations Forces. 136 STAT. 2905 
 (2)  Matters addressed .— The recommendations under paragraph (1) shall address, at a minimum, each of the elements identified in subsection (a)(2). 
 
 (c)  Establishment of a Revised Model Required .— (1)  In general .— Not later than December 31, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a revised total force generation model for the Cyberspace Operations Forces. 
 (2)  Determinations. Elements .— In establishing a revised total force generation model under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall explicitly determine the following: (A)  Recommenda- tions. Whether the Navy should no longer be responsible for developing and presenting forces to the United States Cyber Command as part of the Cyber Mission Force or Cyberspace Operations Forces, including recommendations for corresponding transfer of responsibilities and associated resources and personnel for the existing and future year programmed Cyberspace Operations Forces or Cyber Mission Force resources. 
 (B)  Whether a single military service should be responsible for organizing, training, and equipping the Cyberspace Operations Forces, or if different services should be responsible for different components of the Cyberspace Operations Forces. 
 (C)  Whether modification of United States Cyber Command enhanced budget control authorities are necessary to further improve total force generation for Cyberspace Operations Forces. 
 (D)  Implications of low service retention rates for critical roles within the Cyber Mission Force, and the mix of actions necessary to correct them, including multiple rotations in critical work roles, length of service commitments, repeat tours within the Cyber Mission Force, retention incentives across the entire Cyberspace Operations Forces, and best practices for generating the future force. 
 
 
 (d)  Implementation Plan .— Not later than June 1, 2025, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees an implementation plan for effecting the revised total force generation model required under subsection (c). 
 (e)  Progress Briefing .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter until receipt of the plan required by subsection (d), the Secretary shall provide the congressional defense committees with a briefing on the progress made in carrying out this section. 
 (f)  Additional Considerations .— The Secretary shall ensure that subsections (a) through (c) are carried out with consideration to matters relating to the following: (1)  The cybersecurity service providers, local defenders, and information technology personnel who own, operate, and defend the information networks of the Department of Defense. 
 (2)  Equipping the Cyberspace Operations Forces to include infrastructure management. 
 (3)  Providing intelligence support to the Cyberspace Operations Forces. 
 (4)  The resources, including billets, needed to account for any recommended changes. 136 STAT. 2906