SEC. 1003.  ANNUAL REPORTS ON BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF INFLATION. (a)  Summaries. Annual Report .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the submission of the President’s budget for a fiscal year under  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code , the Secretary of Defense shall deliver to the congressional defense committees a report on observed and anticipated budgetary effects related to inflation, including— (1)  for each Department of Defense appropriation account— (A)  the amount appropriated for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year during which the report is submitted, the amount appropriated for the fiscal year during which the report is submitted, and the amount requested for the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted; 
 (B)  the relevant inflation index applied to each such account at the time of the budget submission for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year during which the report is submitted, the fiscal year during which the report is submitted, and the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted; 
 (C)  the actual inflationary budgetary effects on each such account for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year during which the report is submitted; 
 (D)  Budget estimate. the estimated inflationary budgetary effects for the fiscal year during which the report is submitted and the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted; and 
 (E)  Budget estimate. a calculation of estimated budgetary effects due to inflation using the estimated indices for the fiscal year during which the report is submitted compared to the  136 STAT. 2762 
estimated indices for the fiscal year for the budget is submitted. 
 
 (2)  for the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year during which the report is submitted, the fiscal year during which the report is submitted, and the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted, a summary of any requests for equitable adjustment, exercising of economic price adjustment (hereinafter referred to as “EPA”) clauses, or bilateral contract modifications to include an EPA, including the contract type and fiscal year and the type and amount of appropriated funds used for the contract; 
 (3)  a summary of any methodological changes in Department of Defense cost estimation practices for inflationary budgetary effects for the fiscal year during which the report is submitted and the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted; and 
 (4)  any other matters the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Periodic Briefing .— Not later than 60 days after the conclusion of the Department of Defense budget mid-year review, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the congressional defense committees with a briefing on— (1)  any changes in the observed or anticipated inflation indices included in the report required under subsection (a); 
 (2)  any actions taken by the Department of Defense to respond to changes discussed in such report, with specific dollar value figures; and 
 (3)  any requests for equitable adjustment received by the Department of Defense, economic price adjustment clauses exercised, or bilateral contract modifications to include an EPA made since the submission of the report required under subsection (a). 
 
 (c)  Termination .— The requirement to submit a report under subsection (a) and the requirement to provide a briefing under subsection (b) shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act.