SEC. 11406.  14 USC 504 note . DEVELOPMENT OF MEDICAL STAFFING STANDARDS FOR COAST GUARD. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant, in consultation with the Defense Health Agency and any healthcare expert the Commandant considers appropriate, shall develop medical staffing standards for the Coast Guard that are consistent with the recommendations of the Comptroller General of the United States set forth in the report titled “Coast Guard Health Care: Improvements Needed for Determining Staffing Needs and Monitoring Access to Care” and published in February 2022. 
 (b)  Inclusions .— In developing the standards under subsection (a), the Commandant shall address and take into consideration the following: (1)  Current and future operations of healthcare personnel in support of Department of Homeland Security missions, including surge deployments for incident response. 
 (2)  Staffing standards for specialized providers, including flight surgeons, dentists, behavioral health specialists, and physical therapists. 
 (3)  Staffing levels of medical, dental, and behavioral health providers for the Coast Guard who are— (A)  members of the Coast Guard; 
 (B)  assigned to the Coast Guard from the Public Health Service; 
 (C)  Federal civilian employees; or 
 (D)  contractors hired by the Coast Guard to fill vacancies. 
 
 (4)  Staffing levels at medical facilities for Coast Guard units in remote locations. 
 (5)  Any discrepancy between medical staffing standards of the Department of Defense and medical staffing standards of the Coast Guard. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Recommenda- tions. Review by Comptroller General .— Not later than 90 days after the Commandant completes the staffing standards required by subsection (a), the Commandant shall submit the standards  136 STAT. 4113 
to the Comptroller General, who shall review the standards and provide recommendations to the Commandant. 
 (d)  Plan. Report to Congress .— Not later than 180 days after developing the standards developed under subsection (a), the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the standards developed under subsection (a) and the recommendations provided under subsection (c) that includes a plan and a description of the resources and budgetary needs required to implement the standards. 
 (e)  Modification, Implementation, and Periodic Updates .— The Commandant shall— (1)  modify such standards, as necessary, based on the recommendations under subsection (c); 
 (2)  implement the standards; and 
 (3)  Review. review and update the standards not less frequently than every 4 years.