SEC. 1069.  REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CAPABILITIES IN THE CARIBBEAN. (a)  Puerto Rico. Virgin Islands. In General .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on United States military posture and capabilities in the Caribbean basin, particularly in and around Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands. 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An assessment of United States military force posture and capabilities in the Caribbean basin. 
 (2)  An assessment of the feasibility, desirability, and cost of increasing United States military posture and capabilities in the Caribbean basin to— (A)  enhance access and influence and provide forward-deployed capabilities to effectively implement the national defense strategy and support strategic competition with China and Russia; 
 (B)  ensure, to the greatest extent possible, that United States Northern Command and United States Southern Command have the necessary assets to support the defense of the United States homeland; 
 (C)  confront the threats posed by transnational criminal organizations and illicit trafficking in the Caribbean basin, including by supporting interagency partners in disrupting and degrading illicit trafficking into the United States; 
 (D)  improve surveillance capabilities and maximize the effectiveness of counter-trafficking operations in the Caribbean region; 
 (E)  ensure, to the greatest extent possible, that United States Northern Command and United States Southern Command have the assets necessary to detect, interdict, disrupt, or curtail illicit narcotics and weapons trafficking activities within their respective areas of operations in the Caribbean basin; 
 (F)  respond to malign influences of foreign governments, particularly including non-market economies, in the Caribbean basin that harm United States national security and regional security interests in the Caribbean basin and in the Western Hemisphere; and 
 (G)  strengthen the ability of the security sector of partner nations in the Caribbean basin to respond to, and become more resilient in the face of, major humanitarian or natural disasters, including to ensure critical infrastructure and ports can come back online rapidly following disasters. 
 
 
 (c)  Form of Report .— The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form without any designation relating to dissemination control, but may include a classified annex. 136 STAT. 2791