SEC. 130.  CONTRACTS FOR DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION OF THE DDG(X) DESTROYER PROGRAM. (a)  In General .— If the milestone decision authority of the covered program elects to use source selection procedures for the detailed design and construction of the covered program other than those specified in  section 3201 of title 10, United States Code , the Secretary of the Navy— (1)  with respect to prime contracts for concept design, preliminary design, and contract design for the covered program— (A)  shall award such contracts to eligible shipbuilders; and 
 (B)  may award such contracts to other contractors; 
 
 (2)  shall award prime contracts for detailed design and construction for the covered program only to eligible shipbuilders; and 
 (3)  shall allocate only one vessel in the covered program to each eligible shipbuilder that is awarded a prime contract under paragraph (2). 
 
 (b)  Collaboration Requirement .— The Secretary of the Navy shall maximize collaboration among the Federal Government and eligible shipbuilders throughout the design and development phases of the covered program, including— (1)  using a common design tool; and 
 (2)  sharing production lessons learned. 
 
 (c)  Competitive Incentive Requirement .— The Secretary of the Navy shall provide for competitive incentives for eligible shipbuilders and other contractors throughout the design, development, and production phases of the covered program, including the following: (1)  Allocation of design labor hours, provided that no eligible shipbuilder has fewer than 30 percent of aggregate design labor hours for any phase of vessel design for the covered program. 
 (2)  Allocation of the lead ship in the covered program. 
 (3)  To the maximum extent practicable, competitive solicitations for vessel procurement under the covered program. 
 
 (d)  Technology Maturation Requirements .— The Secretary of the Navy shall incorporate into the acquisition strategy of the covered program the requirements of the following: (1)  Section 131 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ;  133 Stat. 1237 ). 
 (2)  Section 221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  135 Stat. 1599 ). 
 
 (e)  Transition Requirement .— The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that the transition from the Arleigh Burke-class destroyer program to the covered program maintains predictable production workload for eligible shipbuilders. 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered program ” means the program of the Department of the Navy to procure DDG(X) destroyer class vessels. 
 (2)  The term “ eligible shipbuilder ” means a prime contractor designated by the milestone decision authority to perform detailed design and construction of the covered program. 
 (3)  The term “ milestone decision authority ” has the meaning given in  section 4211 of title 10, United States Code . 136 STAT. 2451