SEC. 1604.  TACTICALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE CAPABILITY. (a)  Program .— Subsection (a) of section 1609 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  10 U.S.C. 2271 note )  is amended  to read as follows: “(a)  Program .— The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that the Space Force has a tactically responsive space capability that— “(1)  addresses all lifecycle elements; and 
 “(2)  addresses rapid deployment and reconstitution requirements— “(A)  to provide long-term continuity for tactically responsive space capabilities across the future-years defense program submitted to Congress under  section 221 of title 10, United States Code ; 
 “(B)  to continue the development of concepts of operations, including with respect to tactics, training, and procedures; 
 “(C)  to develop appropriate processes for tactically responsive space launch, including— “(i)  mission assurance processes; and 
 “(ii)  command and control, tracking, telemetry, and communications; and 
 
 “(D)  to identify basing requirements necessary to enable tactically responsive space capabilities.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Requirements .— Such section is further amended— (1)  by  redesignating  subsection (b) as subsection (c); and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after subsection (a) the following new subsection: “(b)  Requirements .— The Chief of Space Operations shall establish tactically responsive requirements for all national security space capabilities, if applicable, carried out under  title 10, United States Code .” 
 . 
 
 (c)  Support .— Subsection (c) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (b),  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1)— (A)  in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ launch program ” and  inserting  “ space program ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  subparagraph (B) and  inserting  the following new subparagraph: “(B)  The entire end-to-end tactically responsive space capability, including with respect to the launch vehicle,  136 STAT. 2931 
ground infrastructure, bus, payload, operations and on-orbit sustainment.” 
 ; and 
 
 (2)  in paragraph (2)— (A)  in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i)  by  striking  “ for fiscal year 2023 ” and  inserting  “ for each of fiscal years 2023 through 2026 ”; and 
 (ii)  by  striking  “ tactically responsive launch program ” and  inserting  “ tactically responsive space program ”; 
 
 (B)  in subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ launches ” and  inserting  “ capabilities ”; and 
 (C)  in subparagraph (C), by  striking  “ tactically responsive launch program ” and  inserting  “ tactically responsive space program ”. 
 
 
 (d)  Conforming Amendment .— The heading of such section  is amended  in the heading by  striking  “ launch operations ” and  inserting  “ space capability ”.