SEC. 11243.  14 USC note   prec. 2501. PHYSICAL DISABILITY EVALUATION SYSTEM PROCEDURE REVIEW. (a)  Study .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study on the Coast Guard Physical Disability Evaluation System and medical retirement procedures. 
 (2)  Review. Recommenda- tions. Elements .— In completing the study required under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall review, and provide recommendations to address, the following: (A)  Coast Guard compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and policies relating to the Physical Disability Evaluation System and the Medical Evaluation Board. 
 (B)  Coast Guard compliance with timelines set forth in— (i)  the instruction of the Commandant entitled “Physical Disability Evaluation System” issued on May 19, 2006 (COMDTNST M1850.2D); and 
 (ii)  the Physical Disability Evaluation System Transparency Initiative (ALCGPSC 030/20). 
 
 (C)  An evaluation of Coast Guard processes in place to ensure the availability, consistency, and effectiveness of counsel appointed by the Coast Guard Office of the Judge Advocate General to represent members of the Coast Guard undergoing an evaluation under the Physical Disability Evaluation System. 
 (D)  The extent to which the Coast Guard has and uses processes to ensure that such counsel may perform the functions of such counsel in a manner that is impartial, including being able to perform such functions without  136 STAT. 4041 
undue pressure or interference by the command of the affected member of the Coast Guard, the Personnel Service Center, and the Coast Guard Office of the Judge Advocate General. 
 (E)  The frequency, including the frequency aggregated by member pay grade, with which members of the Coast Guard seek private counsel in lieu of counsel appointed by the Coast Guard Office of the Judge Advocate General. 
 (F)  The timeliness of determinations, guidance, and access to medical evaluations necessary for retirement or rating determinations and overall well-being of the affected member of the Coast Guard. 
 (G)  The guidance, formal or otherwise, provided by the Personnel Service Center and the Coast Guard Office of the Judge Advocate General, other than the counsel directly representing affected members of the Coast Guard, in communication with medical personnel examining members. 
 (H)  The guidance, formal or otherwise, provided by the medical professionals reviewing cases within the Physical Disability Evaluation System to affected members of the Coast Guard, and the extent to which such guidance is disclosed to the commanders, commanding officers, or other members of the Coast Guard in the chain of command of such affected members. 
 (I)  Deadline. The feasibility of establishing a program to allow members of the Coast Guard to select an expedited review to ensure completion of the Medical Evaluation Board report not later than 180 days after the date on which such review was initiated. 
 
 
 (b)  Recommenda- tions. Report .— The Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study conducted under subsection (a) and recommendations for improving the Physical Disability Evaluation System process. 
 (c)  Updated Policy Guidance .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the report under subsection (b) is submitted, the Commandant shall issue updated policy guidance in response to the findings and recommendations contained in the report. 
 (2)  Elements .— The updated policy guidance required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Requirement. A requirement that a member of the Coast Guard, or the counsel of such a member, shall be informed of the contents of, and afforded the option to be present for, any communication between the member’s command and the Personnel Service Center, or other Coast Guard entity, with respect to the duty status of the member. 
 (B)  An exception to the requirement described in subparagraph (A) that such a member, or the counsel of the member, is not required to be informed of the contents of such a communication if it is demonstrated that there is a legitimate health or safety need for the member to be excluded from such communications, supported by a medical opinion that such exclusion is necessary for the  136 STAT. 4042 
health or safety of the member, command, or any other individual. 
 (C)  An option to allow a member of the Coast Guard to initiate an evaluation by a Medical Evaluation Board if a Coast Guard healthcare provider, or other military healthcare provider, has raised a concern about the ability of the member to continue serving in the Coast Guard, in accordance with existing medical and physical disability policy. 
 (D)  An updated policy to remove the command endorsement requirement for retirement or separation unless absolutely necessary for the benefit of the United States.