SEC. 1210.  INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF UNITED STATES EFFORTS TO TRAIN, ADVISE, ASSIST, AND EQUIP THE MILITARY FORCES OF SOMALIA. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide for an independent assessment of Department of Defense efforts to train, advise, assist, and equip the military forces of Somalia. 
 (b)  Conduct of Assessment .— To conduct the assessment required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall select— (1)  a federally funded research and development center; or 
 (2)  an independent, nongovernmental institute described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code that has recognized credentials and expertise in national security and military affairs appropriate for the assessment. 
 
 (c)  Elements .— The assessment required by subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the following: (1)  The evolution of United States approaches to training, advising, assisting, and equipping the military forces of Somalia. 
 (2)  The extent to which— (A)  the Department has an established plan, with objectives and milestones, for the effort to train, advise, assist, and equip such forces; 
 (B)  advisory efforts are meeting objectives, including whether and the manner in which— (i)  advisors track the operational effectiveness of such forces; and 136 STAT. 2834 
 (ii)  any such data informs future training and advisory efforts; 
 
 (C)  the Department sufficiently engages, collaborates, and deconflicts with— (i)  other Federal departments and agencies that conduct assistance and advisory engagements with such forces; and 
 (ii)  international and multilateral entities that conduct assistance and advisory engagements with such forces; and 
 
 (D)  the Department has established and enforced a policy, processes, and procedures for accountability relating to equipment provided by the United States to such forces. 
 
 (3)  Factors that have hindered, or may in the future hinder, the development of professional, sustainable, and capable such forces. 
 (4)  With respect to the effort to train, advise, assist, and equip such forces, the extent to which the December 2020 decision to reduce and reposition outside Somalia the majority of the members of the United States Armed Forces assigned to carry out the effort has impacted the effectiveness of the effort. 
 
 (d)  Report .— Not later than December 31, 2023, the entity selected to conduct the assessment required by subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary and the congressional defense committees a report containing the findings of the assessment. 
 (e)  Funding .— Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2023 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities, up to $1,000,000 shall be made available for the assessment required by subsection (a).