SEC. 11417.  AUDIT OF CERTAIN MILITARY HOUSING CONDITIONS OF ENLISTED MEMBERS OF COAST GUARD IN KEY WEST, FLORIDA. (a)  Deadline. Assessments. In General .— Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant, in coordination with the Secretary of the Navy, shall commence an audit to assess— (1)  the conditions of housing units of enlisted members of the Coast Guard located at Naval Air Station Key West Sigsbee Park Annex; 
 (2)  the percentage of such units that are considered unsafe or unhealthy housing units for enlisted members of the Coast Guard and their families; 
 (3)  the process used by enlisted members of the Coast Guard and their families to report housing concerns; 
 (4)  the extent to which enlisted members of the Coast Guard and their families experience unsafe or unhealthy housing units, relocate, receive a per diem, or expend similar expenses as a direct result of displacement that are not covered by a landlord, insurance, or claims process; 
 (5)  the feasibility of providing reimbursement for uncovered expenses described in paragraph (4); and 
 (6)  what resources are needed to provide appropriate and safe housing for enlisted members of the Coast Guard and their families in Key West, Florida. 136 STAT. 4123 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this section , the Commandant shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the audit. 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Unsafe or unhealthy housing unit .— The term “ unsafe or unhealthy housing unit ” means a unit of housing unit in which is present, at levels exceeding relevant governmental health or housing standards or guidelines, at least 1 of the following hazards: (A)  Physiological hazards, including the following: (i)  Dampness or microbial growth. 
 (ii)  Lead-based paint. 
 (iii)  Asbestos or manmade fibers. 
 (iv)  Ionizing radiation. 
 (v)  Biocides. 
 (vi)  Carbon monoxide. 
 (vii)  Volatile organic compounds. 
 (viii)  Infectious agents. 
 (ix)  Fine particulate matter. 
 
 (B)  Psychological hazards, including the following: (i)  Ease of access by unlawful intruders. 
 (ii)  Lighting issues. 
 (iii)  Poor ventilation. 
 (iv)  Safety hazards. 
 (v)  Other hazards similar to the hazards specified in clauses (i) through (iv).