SEC. 11260.  REPORT ON COAST GUARD EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL. (a)  In General .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the viability of establishing an explosive ordnance disposal program (in this section referred to as the “Program”) in the Coast Guard. 
 (b)  Contents .— The report required under subsection (a) shall contain, at a minimum, an explanation of the following with respect to such a Program: (1)  Where within the organizational structure of the Coast Guard the Program would be located, including a discussion of whether the Program should reside in— (A)  Maritime Safety and Security Teams; 
 (B)  Maritime Security Response Teams; 
 (C)  a combination of the teams described under subparagraphs (A) and (B); or 
 (D)  elsewhere within the Coast Guard. 
 
 (2)  The vehicles and dive craft that are Coast Guard airframe and vessel transportable that would be required for the transportation of explosive ordnance disposal elements. 
 (3)  The Coast Guard stations at which— (A)  portable explosives storage magazines would be available for explosive ordnance disposal elements; and 
 (B)  explosive ordnance disposal elements equipment would be pre-positioned. 
 
 (4)  How the Program would support other elements within the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Justice, and, in wartime, the Department of Defense to— (A)  counter improvised explosive devices; 
 (B)  counter unexploded ordnance; 
 (C)  combat weapons of destruction; 
 (D)  provide service in support of the President; and 
 (E)  support national security special events. 
 
 (5)  The career progression of members of the Coast Guard participating in the Program from— (A)  Seaman Recruit to Command Master Chief Petty Officer; 
 (B)  Chief Warrant Officer 2 to that of Chief Warrant Officer 4; and 
 (C)  Ensign to that of Rear Admiral. 
 
 (6)  Initial and annual budget justification estimates on a single program element of the Program for— (A)  civilian and military pay with details on military pay, including special and incentive pays such as— (i)  officer responsibility pay; 
 (ii)  officer SCUBA diving duty pay; 
 (iii)  officer demolition hazardous duty pay; 
 (iv)  enlisted SCUBA diving duty pay; 136 STAT. 4059 
 (v)  enlisted demolition hazardous duty pay; 
 (vi)  enlisted special duty assignment pay at level special duty-5; 
 (vii)  enlisted assignment incentive pays; 
 (viii)  enlistment and reenlistment bonuses; 
 (ix)  officer and enlisted full civilian clothing allowances; 
 (x)  an exception to the policy allowing a third hazardous duty pay for explosive ordnance disposal-qualified officers and enlisted; and 
 (xi)  parachutist hazardous duty pay; 
 
 (B)  research, development, test, and evaluation; 
 (C)  procurement; 
 (D)  other transaction agreements; 
 (E)  operations and support; and 
 (F)  overseas contingency operations.