SEC. 10501.  MODIFICATIONS TO NATIONAL VOLCANO EARLY WARNING AND MONITORING SYSTEM. (a)  Definitions .— Subsection (a) of section 5001 of the John D. Dingell, Jr. Conservation, Management, and Recreation Act ( 43 U.S.C. 31k )  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); 
 (2)  by  inserting  after paragraph (1) the following: “(2)  Secretary of commerce .— The term ‘ Secretary of Commerce ’ means the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere.” 
 ; and 
 (3)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(4)  Volcanic ash advisory center .— The term ‘ Volcanic Ash Advisory Center ’ means an entity designated by the International Civil Aviation Organization that is responsible for informing aviation interests about the presence of volcanic ash in the airspace.” 
 . 
 
 (b)  Purposes .— Subsection (b)(1)(B) of such section  is amended — (1)  in clause (i), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 136 STAT. 3994 
 (2)  in clause (ii), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (3)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(iii)  to strengthen the warning and monitoring systems of volcano observatories in the United States by integrating relevant capacities of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including with the Volcanic Ash Advisory Centers located in Anchorage, Alaska, and Washington, D.C., to observe and model emissions of gases, aerosols, and ash, atmospheric dynamics and chemistry, and ocean chemistry resulting from volcanic eruptions.” 
 . 
 
 (c)  System Components .— Subsection (b)(2) of such section  is amended — (1)  in subparagraph (B)— (A)  by  striking  “ and ” before “ spectrometry ”; and 
 (B)  by  inserting  “ , and unoccupied aerial vehicles ” after “ emissions ”; and 
 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(C)  Memorandum of understanding .— The Secretary and the Secretary of Commerce shall develop and execute a memorandum of understanding to establish cooperative support for the activities of the System from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including environmental observations, modeling, and temporary duty assignments of personnel to support emergency activities, as necessary or appropriate.” 
 . 
 
 (d)  Management .— Subsection (b)(3) of such section  is amended — (1)  in subparagraph (A), by  adding  at the end the following: “(iii)  Update .— “(I)  National oceanic and atmospheric administration cost estimates .— The Secretary of Commerce shall submit to the Secretary annual cost estimates for modernization activities and support of the System for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
 “(II)  Update of management plan .— The Secretary shall update the management plan submitted under clause (i) to include the cost estimates submitted under subclause (I).” 
 
 ; and 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(E)  Collaboration .— The Secretary of Commerce shall collaborate with the Secretary to implement activities carried out under this section related to the expertise of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including observations and modeling of emissions of gases, aerosols, and ash, atmospheric dynamics and chemistry, and ocean chemistry resulting from volcanic eruptions.” 
 . 
 
 (e)  Funding .— Subsection (c) of such section  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1)— (A)  in the paragraph heading, by  inserting  “ , united states geological survey ” after “ appropriations ”; and 
 (B)  by  inserting  “ to the United States Geological Survey ” after “ appropriated ”;. 
 
 (2)  by  redesignating  paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); 
 (3)  by  inserting  after paragraph (1) the following: 136 STAT. 3995 
 “(2)  Authorization of appropriations, national oceanic and atmospheric administration .— Time period. There is authorized to be appropriated to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to carry out this section such sums as may be necessary for the period of fiscal years 2023 through 2024.” 
 ; and 
 (4)  in paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A)  by  striking  “ United States Geological Survey ”; and 
 (B)  by  inserting  “ of the United States Geological Survey and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ” after “ programs ”. 
 
 
 (f)  Implementation Plan .— (1)  Deadline. Development of plan .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, shall develop a plan to implement the amendments made by this Act during the 5-year period beginning on the date on which the plan is developed. 
 (2)  Cost estimate. Elements .— The plan developed under paragraph (1) shall include an estimate of the cost and schedule required for the implementation described in such paragraph. 
 (3)  Public availability .— Upon completion of the plan developed under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Commerce shall make the plan publicly available.