“SEC. 11.  REPORTS. “(a)  Time periods. Financial statements. Reports to the Board .— The National Defense Stockpile Manager shall submit to the Board the following: “(1)  Not later than 40 calendar days after the last day of each of the first three fiscal quarters in each fiscal year, unaudited financial statements and a Manager’s Discussion and Analysis for the immediately preceding fiscal quarter. 
 “(2)  Not later than 60 calendar days after the conclusion of the fourth quarter of each fiscal year— “(A)  audited financial statements and a Manager’s Discussion and Analysis for the immediately preceding fiscal year; and 
 “(B)  an Annual Materials and Operations Plan for the forthcoming year. 
 
 
 “(b)  Reports to Congress .— “(1)  Reports by national defense stockpile manage .— Not later Time period.  than 90 days after the conclusion of the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, the National Defense Stockpile Manager shall submit to the congressional defense committees (as defined in  section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code ) a report that shall include— “(A)  information with respect to foreign and domestic purchases of materials for the stockpile during the preceding fiscal year; 136 STAT. 2871 
 “(B)  information with respect to the acquisition and disposal of materials under this Act by barter, during such fiscal year; 
 “(C)  information with respect to the activities by the National Defense Stockpile Manager to encourage the conservation, substitution, and development of strategic and critical materials; 
 “(D)  information with respect to the research and development activities conducted under section 8 of this Act; 
 “(E)  audited annual financial statements for the Strategic and Critical Materials Fund; 
 “(F)  other pertinent information on the administration of this Act as will enable the Congress to evaluate the effectiveness of the program; 
 “(G)  details of all planned expenditures from the Strategic and Critical Materials Fund over the Future Years’ Defense Program and anticipated receipts from proposed disposals of stockpile materials; and 
 “(H)  the report required by paragraph (2). 
 
 “(2)  Report by the board .— The Board shall prepare a written report to accompany the report required by paragraph (1) which shall include— “(A)  the activities of the Board to carry out the duties listed in section 10(c) of this Act; and 
 “(B)  the most recent Annual Materials and Operations Plan submitted under subsection (a)(2)(B).”