SEC. 11221.  PRIBILOF ISLAND TRANSITION COMPLETION ACTIONS. (a)  Actual Use and Occupancy Reports .— Not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report describing— (1)  the degree to which Coast Guard personnel and equipment are deployed to St. Paul Island, Alaska, in actual occupancy of the facilities, as required under section 524 of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–120 ); and 
 (2)  the status of the activities described in subsections (c) and (d) until such activities have been completed. 
 
 (b)  Aircraft Hanger .— The Secretary may— 136 STAT. 4021 (1)  enter into a lease for a hangar to house deployed Coast Guard aircraft if such hanger was previously under lease by the Coast Guard for purposes of housing such aircraft; and 
 (2)  enter into an agreement with the lessor of such a hanger in which the Secretary may carry out repairs necessary to support the deployment of such aircraft and the cost of such repairs may be offset under the terms of the lease. 
 
 (c)  Fuel Tank .— (1)  Deadline. Notification. In general .— Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall notify the Alaska Native Village Corporation for St. Paul Island, Alaska of the availability of any fuel tank— (A)  which is located on property on St. Paul Island, Alaska, which is leased by the Coast Guard for the purpose of housing such a fuel tank; and 
 (B)  for which the Commandant has determined that the Coast Guard no longer has an operational need. 
 
 (2)  Transfer .— If not later than 30 days after a notification under subsection (a), the Alaska Native Village Corporation for St. Paul Island, Alaska requests that the ownership of the tank be transferred to such corporation then the Commandant shall— (A)  after conducting any necessary environmental remediation pursuant to the lease referred to in paragraph (1)(A), transfer ownership of such fuel tank to such corporation; and 
 (B)  Termination. upon the date of such transfer, terminate the lease referred to in paragraph (1)(A). 
 
 
 (d)  Savings Clause .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit any rights of the Alaska Native Village Corporation for St. Paul to receive conveyance of all or part of the lands and improvements related to Tract 43 under the same terms and conditions as prescribed in section 524 of the Pribilof Island Transition Completion Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–120 ).