SEC. 1532.  Deadlines. 10 USC 8013 note . ESTABLISHMENT OF CYBER OPERATIONS DESIGNATOR AND RATING FOR THE NAVY. (a)  Military Career Field .— (1)  Officers .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy, in coordination with the Chief of Naval Operations, shall establish a cyber warfare operations designator for officers (including an intended billet base, functions, and training pipeline), which shall be a separate designator from the cryptologic warfare officer designator. 
 (2)  Enlisted .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Chief, shall establish a cyber warfare rating for enlisted personnel (including an intended billet base, functions, and training pipeline), which shall be a separate rating from the cryptologic technician enlisted rating. 
 (3)  Plan .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Chief, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate an implementation plan to carry out paragraphs (1) and (2). 
 
 (b)  Requirement .— (1)  Deadline .— Except as provided by paragraphs (2) and (3), the Secretary shall ensure that, beginning October 1, 2025, members of the Navy assigned to the cyber mission force shall be qualified with either the designator or rating established under subsection (a), as the case may be. 
 (2)  Exception .— The requirement under paragraph (1) shall not apply to— (A)  a member of the Navy who is assigned to the cyber mission force under orders issued before October 1, 2025; or 
 (B)  a position whose primary function is the provision of intelligence, foreign language, or administrative support to the cyber mission force. 
 
 (3)  Waiver .— The Secretary may waive, on a case-by-case basis, the requirement under paragraph (1), except that the total number of such waivers made during a fiscal year may not exceed 10 percent of the total number of members of the Navy assigned to the cyber mission force (not counting members assigned to a position described in paragraph (2)(B)). 
 
 (c)  Reserve Matters .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Chief, shall direct the Chief of Navy Reserve to establish, and retain, a cadre of members of the Navy Reserve with the designator and rating established under subsection (a). 
 (d)  Officer Qualifications and Training .— The Secretary, in coordination with the Chief of Naval Operations and in consultation with the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, shall ensure that the designator established under subsection (a)(1)  136 STAT. 2902 
includes the development and execution of a training curriculum and qualification standards commensurate with those of the cyber officers of the Army and the Air Force. 
 (e)  Briefing. Study. Community Management .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Principal Cyber Advisor of the Navy, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, and provide to such committees a briefing on, the findings of a study on whether the designator and rating established under subsection (a), along with the Maritime Space Officer and the Cyberspace Warfare Engineer, should continue to be considered part of the information warfare community. 
 (f)  Certification. Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and Senate a report certifying that the following actions have been carried out or are in the process of being completed (including detailed explanations): (1)  An identification by the Chief of Naval Operations of the resource manager within the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations for the designator and rating established under subsection (a). 
 (2)  An identification by the Chief of the type command at United States Fleet Forces Command responsible for manning and training the designator and rating established under subsection (a). 
 (3)  Inventory. An inventory of those billets within the Cyber Mission Force, or any other service or joint assignment that requires personnel (both officer and enlisted) to conduct operations through cyberspace. 
 (4)  Inventory. An inventory and position description of the those positions within the Cyber Mission Force that have been identified under subsection (b)(2)(B). 
 (5)  Costs. A funding profile detailing the complete costs associated with the designator and rating established under subsection (a), including costs associated with meeting the training requirements of the United States Cyber Command for the period covered by the most recent future-years defense program submitted to Congress under  section 221 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (6)  Inventory. An inventory of all flag officer positions at joint and naval components and commands conducting or managing cyberspace operations and activities, including with respect to— (A)  the United States Cyber Command; 
 (B)  the Fleet Cyber Command; 
 (C)  Joint Forces Headquarters-Cyber, Navy; 
 (D)  10th Fleet; 
 (E)  the Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Information Warfare and the Director of Naval Intelligence; and 
 (F)  Naval Information Forces. 
 
 (7)  Update. Timelines. Procedures. An update to the plan required under subsection (a)(3), including timelines and procedures, for filling the positions within the cyber mission force for which the Secretary is responsible. 136 STAT. 2903 
 (8)  Any anticipated changes to the end-strength of the Navy by reason of establishing the designator and rating under subsection (a). 
 (9)  The implementation of the designator and rating established under subsection (a) within the Navy Reserve. 
 (10)  The development and execution of the training curriculum and qualification standards under subsection (d). 
 
 (g)  Leadership Qualifications .— The Secretary shall ensure that flag officers with the cyber warfare operations designator established under subsection (a) are primarily employed in billets identified under subsection (f)(6). 
 (h)  Determination by Cyber Command .— Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report under subsection (f), the Commander of the United States Cyber Command shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and Senate a determination with respect to whether the matters contained in the report satisfy the requirements of the United States Cyber Command.