SEC. 11271.  STUDY ON COAST GUARD OVERSIGHT AND INVESTIGATIONS. (a)  Deadline. Assessment. In General .— Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall commence a study to assess the oversight over Coast Guard activities, including investigations, personnel management, whistleblower protection, and other activities carried out by the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General. 
 (b)  Analysis. Elements .— The study required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An analysis of the ability of the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General to ensure timely, thorough, complete, and appropriate oversight over the Coast Guard, including oversight over both civilian and military activities. 
 (2)  Assessments. An assessment of— (A)  the best practices with respect to such oversight; and 
 (B)  the ability of the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General and the Commandant to identify and achieve such best practices. 
 
 (3)  An analysis of the methods, standards, and processes employed by the Department of Defense Office of Inspector General and the inspectors generals of the armed forces (as such term is defined in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code ), other than the Coast Guard, to conduct oversight and investigation activities. 
 (4)  An analysis of the methods, standards, and processes of the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General with respect to oversight over the civilian and military activities of the Coast Guard, as compared to the methods, standards, and processes described in paragraph (3). 
 (5)  Assessment. An assessment of the extent to which the Coast Guard Investigative Service completes investigations or other disciplinary measures after referral of complaints from the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General. 
 (6)  A description of the staffing, expertise, training, and other resources of the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector General, and an assessment as to whether such staffing, expertise, training, and other resources meet the requirements necessary for meaningful, timely, and effective oversight over the activities of the Coast Guard. 
 
 (c)  Recommenda- tions. Report .— Not later than 1 year after commencing the study required under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study, including recommendations with respect to oversight over Coast Guard activities. 
 (d)  Other Reviews .— The study required under subsection (a) may rely upon recently completed or ongoing reviews by the Comptroller General or other entities, as applicable. 136 STAT. 4066