SEC. 11606.  46 USC 3306 note . ALCOHOL AT SEA. (a)  Contracts. Deadline. Assessment. Determination. In General .— The Commandant shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act under which the National Academy of Sciences shall prepare an assessment to determine safe levels of alcohol consumption and possession by crew members aboard vessels of the United States engaged in commercial service, except when such possession is associated with the commercial sale to individuals aboard the vessel who are not crew members. 
 (b)  Assessment .— The assessment prepared pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1)  take into account the safety and security of every individual on the vessel; 
 (2)  take into account reported incidences of sexual harassment or sexual assault, as defined in  section 2101 of title 46, United States Code ; and 
 (3)  Recommenda- tions. provide any appropriate recommendations for any changes to laws, regulations, or employer policies. 
 
 (c)  Submission .— Upon completion of the assessment under this section, the National Academy of Sciences shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, the Commandant, and the Secretary the assessment prepared pursuant to subsection (a). 
 (d)  Regulations .— The Commandant— (1)  Deadline. Review. shall, not later than 180 days after receiving the submission of the assessment under subsection (c), review the changes to regulations recommended in such assessment; and 
 (2)  taking into account the safety and security of every individual on vessels of the United States engaged in commercial service, may issue regulations relating to alcohol consumption on such vessels. 
 
 (e)  Savings Clause .— To the extent the Commandant issues regulations establishing safe levels of alcohol consumption in accordance with subsection (d), the Commandant may not issue regulations which prohibit— (1)  the owner or operator of a vessel from imposing additional restrictions on the consumption of alcohol, including the prohibition of the consumption of alcohol on such vessels; and 
 (2)  possession of alcohol associated with the commercial sale to individuals aboard the vessel who are not crew members. 
 
 (f)  Report Required .— If, by the date that is 2 years after the receipt of the assessment under subsection (c), the Commandant does not issue regulations under subsection (d), the Commandant shall provide a report by such date to the committees described in subsection (c)— (1)  containing the rationale for not issuing such regulations; and 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. providing other recommendations as necessary to ensure safety at sea. 136 STAT. 4150