SEC. 1705.  Analyses. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CAPABILITY AND CAPACITY NEEDS FOR MUNITIONS PRODUCTION AND STOCKPILING. (a)  Deadlines. Contracts. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with an appropriate federally funded research and development center for the conduct of a detailed independent analysis of the extent to which the process used by the chief of staff of an armed force to implement the Out-Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement required under  section 222c of title 10, United States Code , properly accounts for current and future requirements for the weapons described in subsection  136 STAT. 2969 
(c). Such an agreement shall provide that an analysis conducted pursuant to the agreement shall be completed within 180 days after the date on which such agreement was entered into. 
 (b)  Matters for Consideration .— An analysis conducted pursuant to an agreement under subsection (a) shall include a consideration of each of the following with respect to each weapon described in subsection (c): (1)  The sufficiency of efforts to implement  section 222c of title 10, United States Code , including— (A)  whether the views of the commanders of each combatant command are adequately represented; 
 (B)  whether contributions by allies and partner countries are adequately represented; 
 (C)  whether excursions beyond the operational plans, including the potential of protracted warfare, are adequately represented; 
 (D)  the potential of simultaneous conflicts; and 
 (E)  the degree to which the elements of  section 222c(c) of title 10, United States Code , are appropriate functional categories. 
 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. Any recommendations that could be beneficial to the overall implementation of such section 222c. 
 
 (c)  Weapons Described .— The weapons described in this subsection are the following: (1)  Evolved sea sparrow missile. 
 (2)  MK–48 heavyweight torpedo. 
 (3)  Standard missile variants (including standard missile–6, standard missile–3 block IIA, and standard missile–3 block IIA). 
 (4)  Patriot guided missiles. 
 (5)  Terminal high altitude area defense interceptors. 
 (6)  Guided and ballistic missiles fired from the multiple-launch rocket system (MLRS) or the high mobility artillery rocket system (HIMARS). 
 (7)  Javelin missile. 
 (8)  Stinger missile. 
 (9)  Air intercept missile (AIM)–9X–Sidewinder. 
 (10)  AIM–120D—Advanced medium range air-to-air missile (AMRAAM). 
 (11)  Air to ground (AGM)–114—hellfire missile. 
 (12)  Joint direct attack munition. 
 (13)  Tomahawk land attack missile. 
 (14)  Maritime strike tomahawk. 
 (15)  Long range anti-ship missile. 
 (16)  Naval strike missile. 
 (17)  Joint air-to-surface standoff missile extended range. 
 (18)  Harpoon anti-ship missile. 
 (19)  Naval mines. 
 (20)  Determination. Any other weapon that the Secretary of Defense or the federally funded research and development center determine should be included in the analysis. 
 
 (d)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 210 days after entering into an agreement under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (A)  a complete independent assessment of the analysis completed pursuant to the agreement; and 136 STAT. 2970 
 (B)  any views from the Department of Defense the Secretary chooses to include. 
 
 (2)  Form .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.