SEC. 11334.  16 USC 1885a . REPORT ON SEAFOOD IMPORT MONITORING PROGRAM. (a)  Report to Congress and Public Availability of Reports . Summaries. — The Secretary shall, not later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year, submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report that summarizes the National Marine Fisheries Service’s efforts to prevent the importation of seafood harvested through illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing, particularly with respect to seafood harvested, produced, processed, or manufactured by forced  136 STAT. 4101 
labor. Web posting.  Each such report shall be made publicly available on the website of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
 (b)  Contents .— Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (1)  the volume and value of seafood species subject to the Seafood Import Monitoring Program, reported by 10-digit Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States codes, imported during the previous fiscal year; 
 (2)  the enforcement activities and priorities of the National Marine Fisheries Service with respect to implementing the requirements under the Seafood Import Monitoring Program; 
 (3)  the percentage of import shipments subject to the Seafood Import Monitoring Program selected for inspection or the information or records supporting entry selected for audit, as described in  section 300.324(d) of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations ; 
 (4)  the number and types of instances of noncompliance with the requirements of the Seafood Import Monitoring Program; 
 (5)  the number and types of instances of violations of State or Federal law discovered through the Seafood Import Monitoring Program; 
 (6)  the seafood species with respect to which violations described in paragraphs (4) and (5) were most prevalent; 
 (7)  the location of catch or harvest with respect to which violations described in paragraphs (4) and (5) were most prevalent; 
 (8)  the additional tools, such as high performance computing and associated costs, that the Secretary needs to improve the efficacy of the Seafood Import Monitoring Program; and 
 (9)  such other information as the Secretary considers appropriate with respect to monitoring and enforcing compliance with the Seafood Import Monitoring Program.