SEC. 1660.  Deadlines. INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ARCHITECTURE FOR DEFENSE OF GUAM. (a)  Review of Integrated Air and Missile Defense Architecture to Defend Guam .— (1)  Contracts. Assessment. Requirement .— Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an independent assessment of the integrated air and missile defense architecture to defend Guam. 
 (2)  Analyses. Elements .— The assessment under paragraph (1) shall include an analysis of each of the following: (A)  The proposed architecture capability to address non-ballistic and ballistic missile threats to Guam, including the sensor, command and control, and interceptor systems being proposed. 
 (B)  The development and integration risk of the proposed architecture. 
 (C)  The manning required to operate the proposed architecture, including the availability of housing and infrastructure on Guam to support the needed manning levels. 
 
 (3)  Submission .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the assessment under paragraph (1), without change. 
 
 (b)  Designation of Official Responsible for Missile Defense of Guam .— (1)  Designation .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior official of the Department of Defense who shall be responsible for the missile defense of Guam during the period preceding the date specified in paragraph (5). 
 (2)  Duties .— The duties of the official designated under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Designing the architecture of the missile defense system for defending Guam. 
 (B)  Overseeing development of an integrated missile defense acquisition strategy for the missile defense of Guam. 
 (C)  Ensuring the military department and Defense Agency budgets are appropriate for the strategy described in subparagraph (B). 
 (D)  Siting the integrated missile defense system described in subparagraph (B). 
 (E)  Overseeing long-term acquisition and sustainment of the missile defense system for Guam. 136 STAT. 2956 
 (F)  Such other duties as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (3)  Program treatment .— The integrated missile defense system referred to in paragraph (2) shall be designated as special interest acquisition category 1D program and shall be managed as consistent with Department of Defense Instruction 5000.85 “Major Capability Acquisition”. 
 (4)  Report .— Concurrent with the submission of each budget of the President under  section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code , during the period preceding the date specified in paragraph (5), the official designated under paragraph (1) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the actions taken by the official to carry out the duties set forth under paragraph (2). 
 (5)  Determination. Termination .— The authority of this subsection shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date on which the official designated under paragraph (1) determines that the integrated missile defense system described in paragraph (2) has achieved initial operational capability. 
 
 (c)  Procurement .— (1)  Requirement .— Except as provided by paragraph (2), not later than December 31, 2023, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, shall rapidly procure and field up to three vertical launching systems that can accommodate planned interceptors operated by the Navy (that do not require major modification or integration into the existing missile defense system), as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
 (2)  Waiver .— The Secretary may waive the requirement under paragraph (1) if— (A)  Determination. the Secretary determines that the waiver is in the best interest of the national security of the United States; 
 (B)  Notification. the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a notification of such waiver, including a justification; and 
 (C)  Time period. a period of 120 days has elapsed following the date of such notification.