SEC. 11207.  14 USC 521 note . AQUA ALERT NOTIFICATION SYSTEM PILOT PROGRAM. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, establish a pilot program to improve the issuance of alerts to facilitate cooperation with the public to render  136 STAT. 4011 
aid to distressed individuals under  section 521 of title 14, United States Code . 
 (b)  Pilot Program Contents .— In carrying out the pilot program established under subsection (a), the Commandant shall, to the maximum extent possible— (1)  include a voluntary opt-in program under which members of the public, as appropriate, and the entities described in subsection (c), may receive notifications on cellular devices regarding Coast Guard activities to render aid to distressed individuals under  section 521 of title 14, United States Code ; 
 (2)  cover areas located within the area of responsibility of 3 different Coast Guard sectors in diverse geographic regions; and 
 (3)  provide that the dissemination of an alert shall be limited to the geographic areas most likely to facilitate the rendering of aid to distressed individuals. 
 
 (c)  Consultation .— In developing the pilot program under subsection (a), the Commandant shall consult— (1)  the head of any relevant Federal agency; 
 (2)  the government of any relevant State; 
 (3)  any Tribal Government; 
 (4)  the government of any relevant territory or possession of the United States; and 
 (5)  any relevant political subdivision of an entity described in paragraph (2), (3), or (4). 
 
 (d)  Report to Congress .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2026, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the implementation of this section. 
 (2)  Public availability .— The Commandant shall make the report submitted under paragraph (1) available to the public.