SEC. 11419.  STRATEGY TO IMPROVE QUALITY OF LIFE AT REMOTE UNITS. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not more than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall develop a strategy to improve the quality of life for members of the Coast Guard and their dependents who are stationed in remote units. 
 (b)  Elements .— The strategy developed under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1)  Methods to improve the availability or affordability of housing options for such members and their dependents through— (A)  Coast Guard-owned housing; or 
 (B)  Coast Guard-facilitated housing. 
 
 (2)  Review. A review of whether current methods for determining the amount of basic housing allowances received by such members of the Coast Guard accurately reflect the costs of privately owned or privately rented housing in such areas. 
 (3)  Methods to improve access by such members and their dependents to— (A)  medical, dental, and pediatric care; and 
 (B)  behavioral health care that is covered under the TRICARE program (as defined in  section 1072 of title 10, United States Code ). 
 
 (4)  Methods to increase access to child care services in such areas, including recommendations for increasing child care capacity and opportunities for care within the Coast Guard and in the private sector. 
 (5)  Methods to improve non-Coast Guard network internet access at remote units— (A)  to improve communications between members of the Coast Guard on active duty who are assigned or attached to a remote unit and the family members of such members who are not located in the same location as such member; and 
 (B)  for other purposes such as education and training. 
 
 (6)  Methods to support spouses and other dependents of members serving in such areas who face challenges specific to remote locations. 
 (7)  Any other matter the Commandant considers appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 180 days after the strategy developed under subsection (a) is completed, the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on the strategy. 
 (d)  Remote Unit Defined .— In this section, the term “ remote unit ” means a unit located in an area in which members of the Coast Guard and their dependents are eligible for TRICARE Prime Remote. 136 STAT. 4126