SEC. 11204.  COAST GUARD YARD. (a)  In General .— With respect to the Coast Guard Yard, the uses of the amounts authorized under sections 11105(a)(2) and 11106 are to— (1)  improve resilience and capacity; 
 (2)  maintain and expand Coast Guard organic manufacturing capacity; 
 (3)  expand training and recruitment; 
 (4)  enhance safety; 
 (5)  improve environmental compliance; and 
 (6)  ensure that the Coast Guard Yard is prepared to meet the growing needs of the modern Coast Guard fleet. 
 
 (b)  Inclusions .— The Secretary shall ensure that the Coast Guard Yard receives improvements that include the following: (1)  Facilities upgrades needed to improve resilience of the shipyard, its facilities, and associated infrastructure. 
 (2)  Acquisition of a large-capacity drydock. 
 (3)  Improvements to piers and wharves, drydocks, and capital equipment utilities. 
 (4)  Environmental remediation. 
 (5)  Construction of a new warehouse and paint facility. 
 (6)  Acquisition of a new travel lift. 
 (7)  Dredging necessary to facilitate access to the Coast Guard Yard. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Workforce Development Plan .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall  136 STAT. 4009 
submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a workforce development plan that— (1)  outlines the workforce needs of the Coast Guard Yard with respect to civilian employees and active duty members of the Coast Guard, including engineers, individuals engaged in trades, cyber specialists, and other personnel necessary to meet the evolving mission set of the Coast Guard Yard; and 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. includes recommendations for Congress with respect to the authorities, training, funding, and civilian and active-duty recruitment, including the recruitment of women and underrepresented minorities, necessary to meet workforce needs of the Coast Guard Yard for the 10-year period beginning on the date of submission of the plan.