SEC. 1086.  10 USC 2911 note . COMBATING MILITARY RELIANCE ON RUSSIAN ENERGY. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  reliance on Russian energy poses a critical challenge for national security activities in the area of responsibility of the United States European Command; and 
 (2)  in order to reduce the vulnerability of United States military facilities to disruptions caused by reliance on Russian energy, the Department of Defense should establish and implement plans to reduce reliance on Russian energy for all main operating bases in the area of responsibility of the United States European Command. 
 
 (b)  Eliminating Use of Russian Energy .— It shall be the goal of the Department of Defense to eliminate the use of Russian energy on each main operating base in the area of responsibility of the United States European Command by not later than five years after the date of the completion of an installation energy plan for such base, as required under this section. 
 (c)  Installation Energy Plans for Main Operating Bases .— (1)  List. Identification of installations .— Not later than June 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a list of main operating bases within the area of responsibility of the United States European Command ranked according to mission criticality and vulnerability to energy disruption. 
 (2)  Submittal of plans .— Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (A)  an installation energy plan for each main operating base on the list submitted under paragraph (1); and 
 (B)  Assessment. an assessment of the feasibility of reaching the goal for the elimination of the use of Russian energy pursuant to subsection (b) on that base, including— (i)  a description of the steps that would be required to meet such goal; and 
 (ii)  Analysis. an analysis of the effects such steps would have on the national security of the United States. 
 
 
 
 (d)  Content of Plans .— Each installation energy plan for a main operating base shall include each of the following with respect to that base: (1)  Assessment. An assessment of the energy resilience requirements, resiliency gaps, and energy-related cybersecurity requirements of the base, including with respect to operational technology, control systems, and facilities-related control systems. 
 (2)  An identification of investments in technology required to improve energy resilience, reduce demand, strengthen energy conservation, and support mission readiness. 
 (3)  An identification of investments in infrastructure, including microgrids, required to strengthen energy resilience and mitigate risk due to grid disturbance. 
 (4)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations related to opportunities for the use of renewable energy, clean energy, nuclear energy, and energy storage projects to reduce dependence on natural gas. 
 (5)  Assessment. An assessment of how the requirements and recommendations included pursuant to paragraphs (2) through (4) interact with the energy policies of the country where the base is located, both at present and into the future. 
 
 (e)  Implementation of Plans .— 136 STAT. 2802 
 (1)  Deadline for implementation .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary submits an installation energy plan for a base under subsection (c)(2), the Secretary shall— (A)  begin implementing the plan; and 
 (B)  Briefing. provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the contents of the plan and the strategy of the Secretary for implementing the mitigation measures identified in the plan. 
 
 (2)  Prioritization of certain projects .— In implementing an installation energy plan for a base under this section, the Secretary shall prioritize projects requested under  section 2914 of title 10, United States Code , to mitigate assessed risks and improve energy resilience, energy security, and energy conservation at the base. 
 (3)  Nonapplication of certain other authorities .— Subsection (d) of  section 2914 of title 10, United States Code , shall not apply with respect to any project carried out pursuant to this section or pursuant to an installation energy plan for a base under this section. 
 
 (f)  Policy for Future Bases .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish a policy to ensure that any new military base in the area of responsibility of the United States European Command is established in a manner that proactively includes the consideration of energy security, energy resilience, and mitigation of risk due to energy disruption. 
 (g)  Annual Congressional Briefings .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees annual briefings on the installation energy plans required under this section. Such briefings shall include an identification of each of the following: (1)  The actions each main operating base is taking to implement the installation energy plan for that base. 
 (2)  The progress that has been made toward reducing the reliance of United States bases on Russian energy. 
 (3)  The steps being taken and planned across the future-years defense program to meet the goal of eliminating reliance on Russian energy.