SEC. 1238.  INTERAGENCY STRATEGY TO DISRUPT AND DISMANTLE NARCOTICS PRODUCTION AND TRAFFICKING AND AFFILIATED NETWORKS LINKED TO THE REGIME OF BASHAR AL-ASSAD IN SYRIA. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  the Captagon trade linked to the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria is a transnational security threat; and 
 (2)  the United States should develop and implement an interagency strategy to deny, degrade, and dismantle Assad-linked narcotics production and trafficking networks. 
 
 (b)  Defined Term .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; 
 (2)  the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
 (3)  the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; 
 (4)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; 
 (5)  the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; 136 STAT. 2840 
 (6)  the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; 
 (7)  the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; 
 (8)  the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; 
 (9)  the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; 
 (10)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; 
 (11)  the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
 (12)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (c)  Strategy Required .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Treasury, the Administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, and the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, shall provide a written strategy (with a classified annex, if necessary), to the appropriate congressional committees for disrupting and dismantling narcotics production and trafficking and affiliated networks linked to the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria. 
 (2)  Contents .— The strategy required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A)  Plan. a detailed plan for— (i)  targeting, disrupting and degrading networks that directly and indirectly support the narcotics infrastructure of the Assad regime, particularly through diplomatic and intelligence support to law enforcement investigations; and 
 (ii)  building counter-narcotics capacity to partner countries through assistance and training to law enforcement services in countries (other than Syria) that are receiving or transiting large quantities of Captagon; 
 
 (B) (i)  Assessments. the identification of the countries that are receiving or transiting large shipments of Captagon; 
 (ii)  an assessment of the counter-narcotics capacity of such countries to interdict or disrupt the smuggling of Captagon; and 
 (iii)  an assessment of current United States assistance and training programs to build such capacity in such countries; 
 
 (C)  the use of sanctions, including sanctions authorized under section the Caesar Syria Civilian Protection Act of 2019 ( 22 U.S.C. 8791 note ; title LXXIV of  division F of Public Law 116–92 ), and associated actions to target individuals and entities directly or indirectly associated with the narcotics infrastructure of the Assad regime; 
 (D)  the use of global diplomatic engagements associated with the economic pressure campaign against the Assad regime to target its narcotics infrastructure; 136 STAT. 2841 
 (E)  leveraging multilateral institutions and cooperation with international partners to disrupt the narcotics infrastructure of the Assad regime; and 
 (F)  mobilizing a public communications campaign to increase awareness of the extent of the connection of the Assad regime to the illicit narcotics trade.