SEC. 11511.  46 USC 7502 note . MODERNIZING MERCHANT MARINER CREDENTIALING SYSTEM. (a)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committees on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Appropriations of the House of Representatives, a report on the financial, human, and information technology infrastructure resources needed to establish an electronic merchant mariner licensing and documentation system. 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. Legislative and regulatory suggestions .— In preparing the report described in paragraph (1), the Commandant— (A)  shall include recommendations for any legislative or administrative actions as the Commandant determines necessary to establish the electronic merchant mariner licensing and documentation system described in paragraph (1) as soon as possible; and 
 (B)  may include findings, conclusions, or recommendations from the study conducted under subsection (b). 
 
 
 (b)  Study .— (1)  Records. Data. In general .— In preparing the report required under subsection (a), the Commandant and the Administrator of the Maritime Administration, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Transportation Command, shall conduct a study on the feasibility of developing and maintaining a database as part of an electronic merchant mariner licensing and documentation system that— (A)  contains records with respect to each credentialed mariner, including credential validity, drug and alcohol testing results, and information on any final adjudicated agency action involving a credentialed mariner or regarding any involvement in a marine casualty; and 
 (B)  maintains such records in a manner that allows data to be readily accessed by the Federal Government for the purpose of assessing workforce needs and for the purpose of the economic and national security of the United States. 
 
 (2)  Contents .— The study required under paragraph (1) shall— (A)  Assessment. include an assessment of the resources, including information technology, and authorities necessary to  136 STAT. 4139 
develop and maintain the database described in such paragraph; 
 (B)  specifically address ways to protect the privacy interests of any individual whose information may be contained within such database, which shall include limiting access to the database or having access to the database be monitored by, or accessed through, a member of the Coast Guard; and 
 (C)  address the feasibility of incorporating in such database a reporting mechanism to alert the Administrator of the Maritime Administration each time a mariner’s credential is reinstated upon completion of a period of suspension as the result of a suspension and revocation proceeding under  section 7702 of title 46, United States Code , with details about the violation that led to such suspension. 
 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Electronic Merchant Mariner Licensing and Documentation System .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement an electronic merchant mariner licensing and documentation system.