SEC. 1074.  10 USC 113 note . JOINT CONCEPT FOR COMPETING. (a)  In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a Joint Concept for Competing. 
 (b)  Purposes .— The purposes of the Joint Concept for Competing are to— (1)  define the roles and missions of the Department of Defense in long-term strategic competition with specific competitors; 
 (2)  conceptualize the employment of joint forces capabilities to deter adversarial military action by strategic competitors; 
 (3)  describe the manner in which the Department of Defense will use its forces, capabilities, posture, indications and warning systems, and authorities to protect United States national interests in the course of participating in long-term strategic competition, including through— (A)  departmental efforts to integrate Department of Defense roles and missions with other instruments of national power; 
 (B)  security cooperation with partners and allies; and 
 (C)  operations relating to long-term strategic competition, particularly below the threshold of traditional armed conflict; 
 
 (4)  identify priority lines of effort and assign responsibility to relevant Armed Forces, combatant commands, and other elements of the Department of Defense for each specified line of effort in support of the Joint Concept for Competing; and 
 (5)  provide means for integrating and continuously improving the ability of the Department to engage in long-term strategic competition. 
 
 (c)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for two years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the implementation of the Joint Concept for Competing. 
 (2)  Elements .— Each report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: 136 STAT. 2795 (A)  A detailed description of any actions taken by the Department of Defense relative to the purposes specified under subsection (b). 
 (B)  An articulation of any new concepts or strategies necessary to support the Joint Concept for Competing. 
 (C)  An articulation of any capabilities, resources, or authorities necessary to implement the Joint Concept for Competing. 
 (D)  An explanation of the manner in which the Joint Concept for Competing relates to and integrates with the Joint Warfighting Concept. 
 (E)  An explanation of the manner in which the Joint Concept for Competing synchronizes and integrates with efforts of other departments and agencies of the United States Government to address long-term strategic competition. 
 (F)  Any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines relevant.