SEC. 11252.  STRATEGY FOR RETENTION OF CUTTERMEN. (a)  Deadline. Publication. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall publish a strategy to improve incentives to attract and retain a qualified workforce serving on Coast Guard cutters that includes underrepresented minorities, and servicemembers from rural areas, as such term is defined in  section 54301(a)(12)(C) of title 46, United States Code . 
 (b)  Elements .— The strategy required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Policies to improve flexibility in the afloat career path, including a policy that enables members of the Coast Guard serving on Coast Guard cutters to transition between operations afloat and operations ashore assignments without detriment to the career progression of a member. 
 (2)  Review. Assessment. A review of current officer requirements for afloat assignments at each pay grade, and an assessment as to whether such requirements are appropriate or present undue limitations. 
 (3)  Strategies to improve crew comfort afloat, such as berthing modifications to accommodate all crewmembers. 
 (4)  Actionable steps to improve access to highspeed internet capable of video conference for the purposes of medical, educational, and personal use by members of the Coast Guard serving on Coast Guard cutters. 
 (5)  Assessment. An assessment of the effectiveness of bonuses to attract members to serve at sea and retain talented members of the Coast Guard serving on Coast Guard cutters to serve as leaders in senior enlisted positions, department head positions, and command positions. 
 (6)  Policies to ensure that high-performing members of the Coast Guard serving on Coast Guard cutters are competitive for special assignments, postgraduate education, senior service schools, and other career-enhancing positions. 
 
 (c)  Rule of Construction .— The Commandant shall ensure that the elements described in subsection (b) do not result in discrimination based on race, color, religion, sexual orientation, national origin, or gender.