SEC. 1089.  PERSONNEL SUPPORTING THE OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR SPECIAL OPERATIONS AND LOW INTENSITY CONFLICT. (a)  Plan Required .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the completion of the manpower study required by the Joint Explanatory Statement accompanying the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for adequately staffing the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict to fulfill the requirements of  section 138(b)(2)(A)(i) of title 10, United States Code , for exercising authority, direction, and control of all special-operations peculiar administrative matters relating to the organization, training, and equipping of special operations forces. 
 (b)  Additional Information .— The Secretary shall ensure the plan required under subsection (a) is informed by the manpower study required by the Joint Explanatory Statement accompanying the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ). 
 (c)  Elements .— The plan required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  A validated number of personnel necessary to fulfill the responsibilities of the Secretariat for Special Operations outlined in  section 139b of title 10, United States Code , and associated funding across the future-years defense program submitted to Congress under  section 221 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  Hiring plan. A hiring plan with milestones for gradually increasing the number of required personnel. 
 (3)  A breakdown of the optimal mix of required military, civilian, and contractor personnel. 
 (4)  Analysis. An analysis of the feasibility and advisability of assigning a member of the Senior Executive Service to serve as the Deputy Director of the Secretariat for Special Operations. 
 (5)  An identification of any anticipated funding shortfalls for personnel supporting the Secretariat for Special Operations across the future-years defense program submitted to Congress under  section 221 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (6)  Any other matters the Secretary determines relevant.