SEC. 1507.  Deadlines. 10 USC note  prec. 391. ENHANCEMENT OF CYBERSPACE TRAINING AND SECURITY COOPERATION. (a)  Enhanced Training .— (1)  Guidance. Requirement .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security and the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, in coordination with the Commander of United States  136 STAT. 2884 
Cyber Command, the Director of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, and the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, shall develop enhanced guidance for and implement training on cyberspace security cooperation at the Defense Security Cooperation University and the Joint Military Attaché School. 
 (2)  Timing .— The Under Secretaries shall develop the enhanced guidance and implement the training under paragraph (1)— (A)  by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to the Joint Military Attaché School; and 
 (B)  by not later than September 30, 2025, with respect to the Defense Security Cooperation University. 
 
 (3)  Elements .— The Under Secretaries shall ensure that the training on cyberspace security cooperation under paragraph (1)— (A)  is tailored to the trainees’ anticipated embassy role and functions; and 
 (B)  provides familiarity with— (i)  the different purposes of cyberspace engagements with partners and allies of the United States, including threat awareness, cybersecurity, mission assurance, and operations; 
 (ii)  the types of cyberspace security cooperation programs and activities available for partners and allies of the United States, including bilateral and multilateral cyberspace engagements, information and intelligence sharing, training, and exercises; 
 (iii)  the United States Cyber Command cyberspace operations with partners, including an overview of the Hunt Forward mission and process; 
 (iv)  the roles and responsibilities of the United States Cyber Command, the geographic combatant commands, and the Defense Security Cooperation Agency for cybersecurity cooperation within the Department of Defense; and 
 (v)  such other matters as the Under Secretaries, in coordination with the Commander of United States Cyber Command, consider appropriate. 
 
 
 (4)  Requirements .— The baseline familiarization training developed under subsection (a) shall be a required element for all participants in the Defense Security Cooperation University, the Attaché Training Program, and the Attaché Staff Training Program of the Joint Military Attaché School. 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security and the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, the Director of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, and the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the requirements and considerations to implement enhanced training and coordination to advance cyberspace security cooperation with foreign partners.  Study. The study may consider such areas as the following: 136 STAT. 2885 
 (1)  Sufficiency of the training provided in the Defense Security Cooperation University and the Joint Military Attaché School. 
 (2)  Additional training requirements, familiarization requirements, or both such requirements necessary for officers assigned to particular locations or positions. 
 (3)  Areas for increased cooperation. 
 (4)  Plan. A plan for completing the activities required by subsection (a). 
 (5)  Additional resources required to complete such activities. 
 
 (c)  Briefing .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security and the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy submit the report under subsection (b), the Under Secretaries, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, the Director of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, and the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the findings from the report on enhancing training and coordination to advance cyberspace security cooperation described in such subsection.  Plan. Updates. Such briefing shall include a discussion on the enhanced training meeting the elements under subsection (a)(3) and a plan for future updates and sustainment of such training.