SEC. 1028.  Deadlines. BUSINESS CASE ANALYSES ON DISPOSITION OF CERTAIN GOVERNMENT-OWNED DRY-DOCKS. (a)  AFDM-10 .— Not later than June 1, 2023, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees the results of a business case analysis for Auxiliary Floating Dock, Medium-10 (in this section referred to as “AFDM-10”) that compares the following options: (1)  The continued use of AFDM-10, in the same location and under the same lease authorities in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (2)  The relocation of AFDM-10 to Naval Station Everett, including all infrastructure support requirement costs and anticipated operating costs. 
 (3)  The relocation and use of AFDM-10 in alternate locations under the same lease authorities in effect on the date  136 STAT. 2768 
of the enactment of this Act, including all infrastructure support requirement costs and anticipated operating costs. 
 (4)  The relocation and use of AFDM-10 in alternate locations under alternative lease authorities. 
 (5)  The conveyance of AFDM-10 at a fair market rate to an appropriate non-Government entity with expertise in the non-nuclear ship repair industry. 
 (6)  Such other options as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (b)  California. Graving Dock at Naval Base, San Diego .— Not later than June 1, 2023, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees the results of a business case analysis for the Government-owned graving dock at Naval Base San Diego, California, that compares the following options: (1)  The continued use of such graving dock, in accordance with the utilization strategy described in the May 25, 2022 report to Congress entitled “Navy Dry Dock Strategy for Surface Ship Maintenance and Repair”. 
 (2)  Such other options as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Matters for Evaluation .— The business case analyses required under subsections (a) and (b) shall each include an evaluation of each of the following: (1)  The extent to which the Secretary plans to execute a consistent and balanced docking strategy that ensures the health of private sector maintenance and repair capability and capacity. 
 (2)  Requirements. Legal, regulatory, and other requirements applicable to each of the options considered under each such analysis, including environmental documentation, and the effect that such requirements are projected to have on the cost and schedule of such option. 
 (3)  Analysis. The extent to which the Secretary is considering  adding  dry dock capacity, including an analysis of the projected cost of  adding  such capacity and the potential effects of  adding  such capacity on private sector repair and maintenance facilities. 
 (4)  The projected use by the Navy of Government and non-Government dry docks assets through fiscal year 2027. 
 (5)  For each option considered under each such analysis, the projected implementation timeline and costs. 
 (6)  For each option considered under each such analysis, the relative maintenance capacity and output.