SEC. 11404.  COMBAT-RELATED SPECIAL COMPENSATION. (a)  Report and Briefing .— Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the date that is 5 years after the date on which the initial report is submitted under this subsection, the Commandant shall submit a report and provide an in-person briefing to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the implementation of section 221 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–120 ;  10 U.S.C. 1413a note ). 
 (b)  Elements .— Each report and briefing required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  A description of methods to educate members and retirees on the combat-related special compensation program. 
 (2)  Statistics. Statistics regarding enrollment in such program for members of the Coast Guard and Coast Guard retirees. 
 (3)  Summaries. A summary of each of the following: (A)  Activities carried out relating to the education of members of the Coast Guard participating in the Transition Assistance Program with respect to the combat-related special compensation program. 
 (B)  Activities carried out relating to the education of members of the Coast Guard who are engaged in missions in which they are susceptible to injuries that may result in qualification for combat-related special compensation, including flight school, the National Motor Lifeboat School, deployable special forces, and other training programs as the Commandant considers appropriate. 
 (C)  Activities carried out relating to training physicians and physician assistants employed by the Coast Guard, or otherwise stationed in Coast Guard clinics, sickbays, or other locations at which medical care is provided to members of the Coast Guard, for the purpose of ensuring, during medical examinations, appropriate counseling and documentation of symptoms, injuries, and the associated incident that resulted in such injuries. 
 (D)  Activities relating to the notification of heath service officers with respect to the combat-related special compensation program. 
 
 (4)  Guidance. Records. The written guidance provided to members of the Coast Guard regarding necessary recordkeeping to ensure eligibility for benefits under such program. 
 (5)  Any other matter relating to combat-related special compensation the Commandant considers appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Disability Due to Chemical or Hazardous Material Exposure .— Section 221(a) of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2016 ( Public Law 114–120 ;  10 U.S.C. 1413a note )  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1) by  striking  “ department is ” and  inserting  “ department in ”; and 136 STAT. 4111 
 (2)  in paragraph (2)— (A)  in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i)  by  striking  “ and hazardous ” and  inserting  “ hazardous ”; and 
 (ii)  by  inserting  “ , or a duty in which chemical or other hazardous material exposure has occurred (such as during marine inspections or pollution response activities) ” after “ surfman) ”; and 
 
 (B)  in subparagraph (B)— (i)  by  striking “ paragraph (1) or paragraph (2) of ”; and 
 (ii)  by  striking  “ , including— ” and all that follows through “ search and rescue; or ” and  inserting  “ ; or ”.