SEC. 11261.  TRANSFER AND CONVEYANCE. (a)  In General .— (1)  Requirement .— In accordance with section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act ( 42 U.S.C. 9620(h) ), the Commandant shall, without consideration, transfer in accordance with subsection (b) and convey in accordance with subsection (c) a parcel of the real property described in paragraph (2), including any improvements thereon. 
 (2)  Alabama. Property .— The property described in this paragraph is real property at Dauphin Island, Alabama, located at 100 Agassiz Street, and consisting of a total of approximately 35.63 acres. Determination. Survey.  The exact acreage and legal description of the parcel of such property to be transferred or conveyed in accordance with subsection (b) or (c), respectively, shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Commandant. 
 
 (b)  To the Secretary of Health and Human Services .— The Contracts.  Commandant shall transfer, as described in subsection (a), to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the “Secretary”), for use by the Food and Drug Administration, custody and control of a portion, consisting of approximately 4 acres, of the parcel of real property described in such subsection, to be identified by agreement between the Commandant and the Secretary. 
 (c)  To the State of Alabama .— The Commandant shall convey, as described in subsection (a), to the Marine Environmental Sciences Consortium, a unit of the government of the State of Alabama, located at Dauphin Island, Alabama, all rights, title, and interest of the United States in and to such portion of the parcel described in such subsection that is not transferred to the Secretary under subsection (b). 
 (d)  Payments and Costs of Transfer and Conveyance .— (1)  Payments .— (A)  In general .— The Secretary shall pay costs to be incurred by the Coast Guard, or reimburse the Coast Guard for such costs incurred by the Coast Guard, to carry out the transfer and conveyance required by this section,  136 STAT. 4060 
including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the transfer and conveyance, and any other necessary administrative costs related to the transfer and conveyance. 
 (B)  Funds .— Notwithstanding section 780 of division B of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( Public Law 116–94 ), any amounts that are made available to the Secretary under such section and not obligated on the date of enactment of this Act shall be available to the Secretary for the purpose described in subparagraph (A). 
 
 (2)  Treatment of amounts received .— Amounts received by the Commandant as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the Coast Guard Housing Fund established under  section 2946 of title 14, United States Code , or the account that was used to pay the costs incurred by the Coast Guard in carrying out the transfer or conveyance under this section, as determined by the Commandant, and shall be made available until expended. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account.