SEC. 1506.  10 USC note  prec. 391. ALIGNMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER INTERNATIONAL STRATEGY WITH NATIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY AND DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER STRATEGY. (a)  Deadline. Alignment Required .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and in coordination with the commanders of the combatant commands and the Director of the Joint Staff, shall undertake efforts to align the cybersecurity cooperation enterprise of the Department of Defense and the cyberspace operational partnerships of the Department with— (1)  the national defense strategy published in 2022 pursuant to  section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code ; 
 (2)  the Cyber Strategy of the Department published during fiscal year 2023; and 
 (3)  the current International Cyberspace Security Cooperation Guidance of the Department, as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The alignment efforts under subsection (a) shall include the following efforts within the Department of Defense: (1)  Efforts to build the internal capacity of the Department to support international strategy policy engagements with allies and partners of the United States. 
 (2)  Efforts to coordinate and align cyberspace operations with foreign partners of the United States, including alignment between hunt-forward missions and other cyber international strategy activities conducted by the Department, including identification of processes, working groups, and methods to facilitate coordination between geographic combatant commands and the United States Cyber Command. 
 (3)  Efforts to deliberately cultivate operational and intelligence-sharing partnerships with key allies and partners of the United States to advance the cyberspace operations objectives of the Department. 
 (4)  Efforts to identify key allied and partner networks, infrastructure, and systems that the Joint Force will rely upon for warfighting and to— (A)  support the cybersecurity and cyber defense of those networks, infrastructure, and systems; 
 (B)  build partner capacity to actively defend those networks, infrastructure, and systems; 
 (C)  eradicate malicious cyber activity that has compromised those networks, infrastructure, and systems, such as when identified through hunt-forward operations; and 
 (D)  leverage the commercial and military cybersecurity technology and services of the United States to harden and defend those networks, infrastructure, and systems. 136 STAT. 2883 
 
 (5)  Efforts to secure the environments and networks of mission partners of the United States used to hold intelligence and information originated by the United States. 
 (6)  Prioritization schemas, funding requirements, and efficacy metrics to drive cyberspace security investments in the tools, technologies, and capacity-building efforts that will have the greatest positive impact on the resilience and ability of the Department to execute its operational plans and achieve integrated deterrence. 
 
 (c)  Consultation. Organization .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall lead efforts to implement this section. In doing so, the Under Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of State, the National Cyber Director, the Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to align plans and programs as appropriate. 
 (d)  Annual Briefings .— (1)  Deadline. Termination date. Requirement .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once each fiscal year until September 30, 2025, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the implementation of this section. 
 (2)  Contents .— Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Overview. An overview of efforts undertaken pursuant to this section. 
 (B)  An accounting of all the security cooperation activities of the Department germane to cyberspace and changes made pursuant to implementation of this section. 
 (C)  Schedule. A detailed schedule with target milestones and required expenditures for all planned activities related to the efforts described in subsection (b). 
 (D)  Interim and final metrics for building the cyberspace security cooperation enterprise of the Department. 
 (E)  Identification of such additional funding, authorities, and policies, as the Under Secretary determines may be required. 
 (F)  Recommenda- tions. Such recommendations as the Under Secretary may have for legislative action to improve the effectiveness of cyberspace security cooperation of the Department with foreign partners and allies. 
 
 
 (e)  Termination date. Annual Report .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until January 1, 2025, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report summarizing the cyber international strategy activities of the Department, including within the cybersecurity cooperation enterprise of the Department and the cyber operational partnerships of the Department.