SEC. 1537.  STUDY TO DETERMINE OPTIMAL STRATEGY FOR STRUCTURING AND MANNING ELEMENTS OF JOINT FORCE HEADQUARTERS–CYBER ORGANIZATIONS, JOINT MISSION OPERATIONS CENTERS, AND CYBER OPERATIONS-INTEGRATED PLANNING ELEMENTS. (a)  Study .— (1)  Requirement .— The Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the commanders of the combatant commands, shall conduct a study to determine the optimal strategy for structuring and manning elements of the following: (A)  Joint Force Headquarters Cyber Organizations. 
 (B)  Joint Mission Operations Centers. 
 (C)  Cyber Operations–Integrated Planning Elements. 
 (D)  Joint Cyber Centers. 
 
 (2)  Assessments. Elements .— The study under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of each of the following: (A)  Operational effects on the military services if each of the entities listed in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1) are restructured from organizations that are components of the military services to joint organizations. 
 (B)  Existing barriers or impediments to designate positions within each of the entities listed in such subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as joint billets for joint qualification purposes. 136 STAT. 2913 
 (C)  Operational and organizational effects on the military services, the United States Cyber Command, other combatant commands, and the Joint Staff if the entities listed in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of paragraph (1) are realigned, restructured, or consolidated. 
 (D)  Operational and organizational effects and advisement of standardizing a minimum set of roles and responsibilities of the Joint Cyber Centers, or the equivalent entity, of the combatant commands. 
 (E)  Clarification of the relationship and differentiation between Cyber Operations–Integrated Planning Elements and Joint Cyber Centers of the combatant commands. 
 (F)  Inventory. A complete inventory of mission essential tasks for the entities listed in such subparagraphs (A) through (D). 
 (G)  A description of cyber activities in geographic and functional combatant command campaign plans and resources aligned to those activities. 
 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Termination date. Briefings .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 120 days until March 31, 2024, the Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the status of the study under subsection (a). 
 (c)  Report .— (1)  Requirement .— Not later than March 31, 2024, the Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the study under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Contents .— The report under paragraph (1) shall contain the following: (A)  The findings of the Principal Cyber Advisor with respect to the study under subsection (a). 
 (B)  Details of the operational and organizational effects assessed under paragraph (2) of such subsection. 
 (C)  Plan. A plan to carry out the transfer described in subparagraph (B) of such paragraph and the associated costs, as appropriate. 
 (D)  Plan. A plan to realign, restructure, or consolidate the entities listed in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of subsection (a)(1). 
 (E)  Such other matters as the Principal Cyber Advisor considers appropriate.