SEC. 10303.  OCEAN POLICY COMMITTEE. (a)  Subcommittees .— Section 8932(c) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows: “(c)  Subcommittees .— (1)  The Committee shall include— “(A)  a subcommittee to be known as the ‘Ocean Science and Technology Subcommittee’; and 
 “(B)  a subcommittee to be known as the ‘Ocean Resource Management Subcommittee’. 
 
 “(2)  In discharging its responsibilities in support of agreed-upon scientific needs, and to assist in the execution of the responsibilities described in subsection (b), the Committee may delegate responsibilities to the Ocean Science and Technology Subcommittee, the Ocean Resource Management Subcommittee, or another subcommittee of the Committee, as the Committee determines appropriate.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Increased Access to Geospatial Data for More Efficient and Informed Decisionmaking .— (1)  Establishment of document system .— Section 8932(b) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (A)  in paragraph (3), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (B)  in paragraph (4)(F), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(5)  for projects under the purview of the Committee, establish or designate one or more systems for ocean-related and ocean-mapping-related documents prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq. ), in accordance with subsection (h).” 
 . 
 
 (2)  Elements .— Section 8932 of such title  is amended — (A)  by  redesignating  subsection (h) as subsection (i); and 
 (B)  by  inserting  after subsection (g) the following new subsection (h): “(h)  Elements of Document System .— The systems established or designated under subsection (b)(5) may include the following: “(1)  Public information. A publicly accessible, centralized digital archive of documents described in subsection (b)(5) that are finalized after the date of the enactment of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023, including— “(A)  environmental impact statements; 
 “(B)  environmental assessments; 
 “(C)  records of decision; and 
 “(D)  other relevant documents as determined by the lead agency on a project. 136 STAT. 3968 
 
 “(2)  Geospatially referenced data, if any, contained in the documents under paragraph (1). 
 “(3)  A mechanism to retrieve information through geo-information tools that can map and integrate relevant geospatial information, such as— “(A)  Ocean Report Tools; 
 “(B)  the Environmental Studies Program Information System; 
 “(C)  Regional Ocean Partnerships; and 
 “(D)  the Integrated Ocean Observing System. 
 
 “(4)  Appropriate safeguards on the public accessibility of data to protect national security equities.” 
 
 .