SEC. 1067.  REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PRACTICES REGARDING DISTINCTION BETWEEN COMBATANTS AND CIVILIANS IN UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. (a)  Contracts. Report .— The Civilian Protection Center of Excellence of the Department of Defense, as established under  section 184 of title 10, United States Code , as added by section 1082 of this Act, shall seek to enter into an agreement with an appropriate federally funded research and development center to develop an independent report on Department of Defense practices regarding distinguishing between combatants and civilians in United States military operations. 
 (b)  Country listings. Standards. Elements .— The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following matters: (1)  A description of how the Department of Defense has differentiated between combatants and civilians in both ground and air operations since 2001, including in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Somalia, Libya, and Yemen, including— (A)  relevant policy and legal standards and how these standards were implemented in practice; and 
 (B)  Criteria. target engagement criteria. 
 
 (2)  A description of how the Department of Defense has differentiated between combatants and civilians when assessing allegations of civilian casualties since 2001, including in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Somalia, Libya, and Yemen, including— (A)  relevant policy and legal standards and the factual indicators these standards were applied to in assessing claims of civilian casualties; and 
 (B)  any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate. 
 
 
 (c)  Records. Assessment. Submission of Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an unaltered copy of the federally funded research and development center assessment required under this section, together with the views of the Secretary on the assessment. 
 (d)  Definition of United States Military Operation .— In this section, the term “ United States military operations ” includes any mission, strike, engagement, raid, or incident involving the United States Armed Forces. 136 STAT. 2789