SEC. 1258.  REPORTING ON INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION DOMICILED IN THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA THAT PROVIDE SUPPORT TO THE PEOPLE’S LIBERATION ARMY. (a)  Determination .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall identify each entity that is an institution of higher education domiciled in the People’s Republic of China that provides material support to the People’s Liberation Army. 
 (2)  Factors .— In making a determination under paragraph (1) with respect to an entity, the Secretary shall consider the following factors: (A)  Material support to the implementation of the military-civil fusion strategy of China. 
 (B)  Material relationship with the Chinese State Administration for Science, Technology, and Industry for the National Defense. 
 (D)  Funding received from any organization subordinate to the Central Military Commission of the Chinese Communist Party. 
 (E)  Supporting or enabling relationship with any security, defense, or police forces within the Government of China or the Chinese Communist Party. 
 (F)  Any other factor the Secretary determines is appropriate. 
 
 
 (b)  List. Report .— Not later than September 30, 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a list of each entity identified pursuant to subsection (a) in unclassified form, with a classified annex, if necessary. 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  The term “ People’s Liberation Army ” means the land, naval, and air military services, the People’s Armed Police, the Strategic Support Force, the Rocket Force, and any other related security element within the Government of China or the Chinese Communist Party that the Secretary determines is appropriate. 136 STAT. 2854