SEC. 1062.  STUDY ON MILITARY TRAINING ROUTES AND SPECIAL USE AIR SPACE NEAR WIND TURBINES. (a)  Study and Report .— (1)  Contracts. In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a study to identify low-level military training routes and special use airspace that may be used by the Department of Defense to conduct realistic training over and near wind turbines. 
 (2)  Elements .— As part of the study under paragraph (1), the federally funded research and development center that conducts the study shall— (A)  identify and define the requirements for military airspace that may be used for the training described in paragraph (1), taking into consideration— (i)  the operational and training needs of the Armed Forces; and 
 (ii)  the threat environments of adversaries of the United States, including the People’s Republic of China; 
 
 (B)  identify possibilities for combining live, virtual, and constructive flight training near wind projects, both onshore and offshore; 
 (C)  describe the airspace inventory required for low-level training proficiency given current and projected force structures; 
 (D)  Recommenda- tions. provide recommendations for redesigning and properly sizing special use air space and military training routes to combine live and synthetic training in a realistic environment; 
 (E)  describe ongoing research and development programs being utilized to mitigate effects of wind turbines on low-level training routes; and 
 (F)  identify current training routes affected by wind turbines, any previous training routes that are no longer in use because of wind turbines, and any training routes projected to be lost due to wind turbines. 
 
 (3)  Consultation .— In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall consult with— (A)  the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness; 
 (B)  the Department of Defense Policy Board on Federal Aviation; and 
 (C)  the Federal Aviation Administration. 
 
 (4)  Submittal to dod .— (A)  In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the federally funded research and development center that conducts the study under paragraph (1) shall submit to the Secretary of Defense a report on the results of the study. 
 (B)  Form .— The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 136 STAT. 2784 
 
 (5)  Records. Comments. Submittal to congress .— Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense receives the report under paragraph (4), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an unaltered copy of the report together with any comments the Secretary may have with respect to the report. 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (A)  The congressional defense committees. 
 (B)  The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
 (C)  The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
 
 (2)  The term “ affected by wind turbines ” means a situation in which the presence of wind turbines in the area of a low-level military training route or special use airspace— (A)  prompted the Department of Defense to alter a testing and training mission or to reduce previously planned training activities; or 
 (B)  prevented the Department from meeting testing and training requirements.