SEC. 1068.  REPORT ON STRATEGY AND IMPROVEMENT OF COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT EFFORTS OF ARMED FORCES IN HAWAII. (a)  In General .— In an effort to better meet the future force posture needs within the Indo-Pacific area of responsibility, the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, in collaboration with the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment, installation commanders, and the relevant theater component commanders, shall— (1)  develop and implement a holistic strategy to— (A)  improve, standardize, and coordinate the engagement efforts of the military with the local community in Hawaii; and 
 (B)  effectively communicate with such community for the purpose of enhancing readiness; and 
 
 (2)  enhance coordinated community engagement efforts (as described in section 587 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 )) in Hawaii. 
 
 (b)  Report Required .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the strategy and enhanced engagement efforts implemented pursuant to subsection (a). Such report shall include each of the following: (1)  Plan. The plan of the Commander for conducting education and training programs relating to consultation and engagement with the local and native Hawaiian community, including— (A)  a description of the outreach activities conducted during fiscal years 2023 and 2024; and 
 (B)  a description of the extent to which members of the local and native Hawaiian community have been involved in development of curricula, tentative dates, locations, required attendees, and topics for the education and training programs. 
 
 (2)  List. A list of all local and native Hawaiian community groups involved or expected to be consulted in the process of updating Department of Defense Instruction 4710.03 (or any successor document). 
 (3)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for improving Department of Defense Instruction 4710.03 to reflect best practices and provide continuity across the military departments with respect to the practices, policies, training, and personnel related to consultation with the local and native Hawaiian community. 
 (4)  Timeline. A timeline for issuing the next update or successor document to Department of Defense Instruction 4710.03. 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for the enhancement and expansion of— (A)  Department of Defense education and training programs relating to consultation and engagement with the local and Native Hawaiian community; and 
 (B)  outreach activities for all commands and installations in Hawaii. 
 
 
 (c)  Theater Component Commander .— In this section, the term “ theater component commander ” has the meaning given such term in  section 1513(8) of title 10, United States Code . 136 STAT. 2790