SEC. 1523.  10 USC note prec. 2001. JOINT INFORMATION OPERATIONS COURSE. (a)  Joint Information Operations Course .— The Secretary of Defense shall develop and provide to members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Force a course to prepare the members to plan and conduct information operations in a joint environment pursuant to  title 10, United States Code . Such course shall include— (1)  Procedures. standardized qualifications and procedures to enable the joint and synchronized employment of information-related capabilities in the information environment; 
 (2)  joint methods to implement information operations in a battlefield environment under any ground force chain of command; and 
 (3)  a curriculum covering applicable assets, core information operations concepts, integration of effects with a specific focus on information-related effects, operational methodology, multi-dimensional targeting space, other information-related capabilities defined by governing policy, instruction, publications, and doctrine, and any other topics or areas determined necessary by the Secretary. 
 
 (b)  Consideration of Ongoing Efforts .— The Secretary shall ensure that the course under subsection (a) is developed in light of the information operations posture review, gap analysis, strategy update, and designation of a Joint Force Trainer, occurring as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (c)  Termination date. Semiannual Reports .— Subsequent to the development of the course under subsection (a), on a semiannual basis through January 1, 2028, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the course. Each report shall include, with respect to the period covered by the report— (1)  the number of members described in subsection (a) who attended the course; and 
 (2)  Assessment. an assessment of the value of the course in— (A)  conducting joint operations in the information environment; and 
 (B)  the synchronized employment of information-related capabilities in the information environment.