SEC. 11202.  REPORT AND BRIEFING ON RESOURCING STRATEGY FOR WESTERN PACIFIC REGION. (a)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant, in consultation with the Coast Guard Commander of the Pacific Area, the Commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command, and the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report outlining the resourcing needs of the Coast Guard to achieve optimum operations in the Western Pacific region. 
 (2)  Elements .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Assessment. An assessment of the risks and associated needs— (i)  to United States strategic maritime interests, in particular such interests in areas west of the International Date Line, including risks to bilateral maritime partners of the United States, posed by not fully staffing and equipping Coast Guard operations in the Western Pacific region; 136 STAT. 4007 
 (ii)  to the Coast Guard mission and force posed by not fully staffing and equipping Coast Guard operations in the Western Pacific region; and 
 (iii)  to support the call of the President, as set forth in the Indo-Pacific Strategy, to expand Coast Guard presence and cooperation in Southeast Asia, South Asia, and the Pacific Islands, with a focus on advising, training, deployment, and capacity building. 
 
 (B)  A description of the additional resources, including shoreside resources, required to fully implement the needs described in subparagraph (A), including the United States commitment to bilateral fisheries law enforcement in the Pacific Ocean. 
 (C)  A description of the operational and personnel assets required and a dispersal plan for available and projected future Coast Guard cutters and aviation forces to conduct optimum operations in the Western Pacific region. 
 (D)  Analysis. An analysis with respect to whether a national security cutter or fast response cutter located at a United States military installation in a foreign country in the Western Pacific region would enhance United States national security, partner country capacity building, and prevention and effective response to illegal, unreported, and unregulated fishing. 
 (E)  Assessment. An assessment of the benefits and associated costs involved in— (i)  increasing staffing of Coast Guard personnel within the command elements of United States Indo-Pacific Command or subordinate commands; and 
 (ii)  designating a Coast Guard patrol force under the direct authority of the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command with associated forward-based assets and personnel. 
 
 (F)  An identification of any additional authority necessary, including proposals for legislative change, to meet the needs identified in accordance with subparagraphs (A) through (E) and any other mission requirement in the Western Pacific region. 
 
 (3)  Form .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Commandant submits the report under subsection (a), the Commandant, or a designated individual, shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on the findings and conclusions of such report.