“§ 1743.   10 USC 1743 . Awards to recognize members of the acquisition workforce “(a)  Establishment .— The President of the Defense Acquisition University shall establish two programs to provide awards to recognize members of the acquisition workforce as follows: “(1)  An award of not more than $5,000 to such members who use an iterative writing process to document a first-hand account of using independent judgment to overcome an obstacle the member faced while working within the defense acquisition system (as defined in section 3001 of this title). 
 “(2)  An award of not more than $5,000 to such members who make the best use of the flexibilities and authorities granted by the Federal Acquisition Regulation and Department of Defense Instruction 5000.02 (Operation of the Defense Acquisition System). 
 
 “(b)  Number of Awards .— “(1)  In general .— The President of the Defense Acquisition University may make not more than five awards under subsection (a)(1) and one award under subsection (a)(2) each year. 
 “(2)  Limitation .— A member of the acquisition workforce may receive one award each year. 
 
 “(c)  Requirements for Writing Award .— “(1)  Submission required .— A member of the acquisition workforce desiring an award under subsection (a)(1) shall submit to the President of the Defense Acquisition University the first-hand account described in such subsection. Such first-hand account shall demonstrate— “(A)  an original and engaging idea documenting the use of independent judgment to overcome an obstacle the recipient faced while working within the defense acquisition system; and 
 “(B)  the use of an iterative writing process, including evidence of— “(i)  critical thinking; 
 “(ii)  incorporation of feedback from diverse perspectives; and 
 “(iii)  editing to achieve plain writing (as defined in section 3 of the Plain Writing Act of 2010 ( 5 U.S.C. 301 note )). 
 
 
 “(2)  Public comments. Website .— The President of the Defense Acquisition University shall establish and maintain a website to serve as a repository for submissions made under paragraph (1). Such website shall allow for public comments and discussion. 136 STAT. 2693 
 
 “(d)  Requirements for Flexibility Award .— A member of the acquisition workforce desiring an award under subsection (a)(2) shall submit to the President of the Defense Acquisition University documentation that such member uses approaches to program management that emphasize innovation and local adaptation, including the use of— “(1)  simplified acquisition procedures; 
 “(2)  inherent flexibilities within the Federal Acquisition Regulation; 
 “(3)  commercial contracting approaches; 
 “(4)  public-private partnership agreements and practices; 
 “(5)  cost-sharing arrangements; 
 “(6)  innovative contractor incentive practices; or 
 “(7)  other innovative implementations of acquisition flexibilities. 
 
 “(e)  Funding .— The Secretary of Defense shall use funds from the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account to carry out this section.”