SEC. 1056.  ANNUAL REPORT ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES IN CONNECTION WITH UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. (a)  In General .— Section 1057(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ) 10 USC 113 note .   is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ that were confirmed, or reasonably suspected, to have resulted in civilian casualties ” and  inserting  “ that resulted in civilian casualties that have been confirmed or are reasonably suspected to have occurred ”; 
 (2)  in paragraph (2)— (A)  in subparagraph (B), by  inserting  “ , including, to the extent practicable, the closest town, city, or identifiable place ” after “ location ”; 
 (B)  in subparagraph (D), by  inserting  before the period the following: “ , including the specific justification or use of authority for each strike conducted ”; 
 (C)  in subparagraph (E), by  inserting  before the period at the end the following: “ , formulated as a range, if necessary, and including, to the extent practicable, information regarding the number of men, women, and children involved ”; and 
 (D)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraphs: “(F)  Summary. A summary of the determination of each completed civilian casualty assessment or investigation. 
 “(G)  For each assessment or investigation of an incident that resulted in civilian casualties— “(i)  whether the Department conducted any witness interviews or site visits occurred, and if not, an explanation of why not; and 
 “(ii)  whether information pertaining to the incident that was collected by one or more non-governmental entities was considered, if such information exists.” 
 
 ; and 
 
 (3)  by  striking  paragraph (4) and  inserting  the following new paragraph (4): “(4)  A description of any new or updated civilian harm policies and procedures implemented by the Department of Defense.” 
 . 
 
 (b)  Effective dates. 10 USC 113 note . Applicability .— The amendments made by this section shall apply as follows: (1)  Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to a report submitted on or after May 1, 2024. 
 (2)  The amendments made by subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(2) shall apply with respect to a report submitted after the date of the enactment of this Act.