SEC. 11524.  46 USC 70022 note . PROHIBITION ON ENTRY AND OPERATION. (a)  Prohibition .— (1)  In general .— Except as otherwise provided in this section, during the period in which Executive Order 14065 ( 87 Fed. Reg. 10293 , relating to blocking certain Russian property or transactions), or any successor Executive Order is in effect, no vessel described in subsection (b) may enter or operate in the navigable waters of the United States or transfer cargo in any port or place under the jurisdiction of the United States. 136 STAT. 4144 
 (2)  Limitations on application .— (A)  Determination. In general .— The prohibition under paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to a vessel described in subsection (b) if the Secretary of State determines that— (i)  the vessel is owned or operated by a Russian national or operated by the government of the Russian Federation; and 
 (ii)  it is in the national security interest not to apply the prohibition to such vessel. 
 
 (B)  Deadline. Notice .— Not later than 15 days after making a determination under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate written notice of the determination and the basis upon which the determination was made. 
 (C)  Notice. Federal Register, publication. Publication .— The Secretary of State shall publish a notice in the Federal Register of each determination made under subparagraph (A). 
 
 (3)  Savings clause .— The prohibition under paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to vessels engaged in passage permitted under international law. 
 
 (b)  Vessels Described .— A vessel referred to in subsection (a) is a vessel owned or operated by a Russian national or operated by the government of the Russian Federation. 
 (c)  Russia. Information and Publication .— The Secretary, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall— (1)  maintain timely information on the registrations of all foreign vessels owned or operated by or on behalf of the Government of the Russian Federation, a Russian national, or a entity organized under the laws of the Russian Federation or any jurisdiction within the Russian Federation; and 
 (2)  Federal Register, publication. List. periodically publish in the Federal Register a list of the vessels described in paragraph (1). 
 
 (d)  Deadlines. Notification of Governments .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of State shall notify each government, the agents or instrumentalities of which are maintaining a registration of a foreign vessel that is included on a list published under subsection (c)(2), not later than 30 days after such publication, that all vessels registered under such government’s authority are subject to subsection (a). 
 (2)  Additional notification .— In the case of a government that continues to maintain a registration for a vessel that is included on such list after receiving an initial notification under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall issue an additional notification to such government not later than 120 days after the publication of a list under subsection (c)(2). 
 
 (e)  Notification of Vessels .— Upon receiving a notice of arrival under  section 70001(a)(5) of title 46, United States Code , from a vessel described in subsection (b), the Secretary shall notify the master of such vessel that the vessel may not enter or operate in the navigable waters of the United States or transfer cargo in any port or place under the jurisdiction of the United States, unless— 136 STAT. 4145 (1)  the Secretary of State has made a determination under subsection (a)(2); or 
 (2)  the Secretary allows provisional entry of the vessel, or transfer of cargo from the vessel, under subsection (f). 
 
 (f)  Provisional Entry or Cargo Transfer .— Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the Secretary may allow provisional entry of, or transfer of cargo from, a vessel, if such entry or transfer is necessary for the safety of the vessel or persons aboard.