SEC. 1247.  OVERSIGHT OF UNITED STATES ASSISTANCE TO UKRAINE. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  continued assistance to Ukraine as it fights against the unjust and unprovoked attack by Russia is of critical importance to United States national security interests, and oversight and transparency for such assistance is essential to ensure effective and sustained support; 
 (2)  the executive branch has established the interagency Ukraine Oversight Working Group, which focuses on conducting comprehensive oversight, and issued the interagency U.S. Plan to Counter Illicit Diversion of Certain Advanced Conventional Weapons in Eastern Europe, a whole-of-government effort to advance accountability and end-use monitoring of weapons provided in response to the Ukraine crisis, and continued attention and regular briefings to relevant congressional oversight committees on such efforts is imperative; 
 (3)  each United States department and agency providing or facilitating assistance to Ukraine should continue to implement and institutionalize appropriate transparency, accountability, and end-use monitoring measures, including exploring creative approaches to overcoming the challenges associated with delivering assistance during an active armed conflict, as is detailed in the interagency Plan to Counter Illicit Diversion; 
 (4)  Inspectors General must continue to carry out comprehensive oversight and conduct reviews, audits, investigations, and inspections of United States support and activities carried out in response to Russia’s further invasion of Ukraine, and provide regular briefings to the appropriate congressional committees on their findings; 
 (5)  the United States and its allies and partners should continue to support Ukrainian anti-corruption institutions and e-platforms, including the National Agency for Corruption Prevention, the National Anti-Corruption Bureau of Ukraine, and the Specialized Anti-Corruption Prosecutor’s Office, in their work to ensure effective assistance delivery and prevent incidents of waste, fraud, and abuse; and 136 STAT. 2849 
 (6)  Ukrainian authorities should also continue to establish new transparency, accountability, and end-use monitoring initiatives both independently and in partnership with relevant United States departments and agencies and other international partners, and the United States should continue to work with counterparts in Ukraine and other countries supporting their efforts to further mutual efforts to strengthen and institutionalize accountability measures and mechanisms. 
 
 (b)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than April 1, 2023, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, in conjunction with the Inspector General of the Department of State and the Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development and in consultation with other Inspectors General as appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the oversight framework established with respect to United States assistance to Ukraine. 
 (2)  Matters to be included .— The report required by this subsection shall include the following: (A)  The framework the relevant Inspectors General are currently using or plan to adopt to oversee assistance to Ukraine in the immediate and longer term, including an identification of the United States departments and agencies providing or facilitating such assistance. 
 (B)  Whether there are any gaps in oversight over the activities and funds for assistance to Ukraine. 
 (C)  Assessment. An assessment of any failures by United States, bilateral, or multilateral organizations to work with such Inspectors General in a timely and transparent manner. 
 (D)  A description of the footprint in Europe of such Inspectors General for purposes of oversight of assistance to Ukraine, including presence and access in Ukraine. 
 (E)  To the extent practicable and appropriate, a description of any known incidents of the misuse of assistance to Ukraine, including incidents of waste, fraud, abuse, diversion, or corruption. 
 (F)  Any lessons learned from the manner in which oversight over assistance to Ukraine has been conducted. 
 (G)  Recommenda- tions. Any findings or recommendations with respect to assistance to Ukraine. 
 
 
 (c)  Definition .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate.