SEC. 11416.  STUDY ON COAST GUARD HOUSING ACCESS, COST, AND CHALLENGES. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall commence a study on housing access, cost, and associated challenges facing members of the Coast Guard. 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The study required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An assessment of— (A)  the extent to which— (i)  the Commandant has evaluated the sufficiency, availability, and affordability of housing options for members of the Coast Guard and their dependents; and 
 (ii)  the Coast Guard owns and leases housing for members of the Coast Guard and their dependents; 
 
 (B)  the methods used by the Commandant to manage housing data, and the manner in which the Commandant uses such data— (i)  to inform Coast Guard housing policy; and 
 (ii)  to guide investments in Coast Guard-owned housing capacity and other investments in housing, such as long-term leases and other housing options; and 136 STAT. 4122 
 
 (C)  the process used by the Commandant to gather and provide information used to calculate housing allowances for members of the Coast Guard and their dependents, including whether the Commandant has established best practices to manage low-data areas. 
 
 (2)  An assessment as to whether the Department of Defense basic allowance for housing is sufficient for members of the Coast Guard. 
 (3)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for actions the Commandant should take to improve the availability and affordability of housing for members of the Coast Guard and their dependents who are stationed in— (A)  remote units located in areas in which members of the Coast Guard and their dependents are eligible for TRICARE Prime Remote; or 
 (B)  units located in areas with a high number of vacation rental properties. 
 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than 1 year after commencing the study required under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study. 
 (d)  Deadline. Publication. Strategy .— Not later than 180 days after the submission of the report required under subsection (c), the Commandant shall publish a Coast Guard housing strategy that addresses the findings set forth in the report. Such strategy shall, at a minimum— (1)  address housing inventory shortages and affordability; and 
 (2)  include a Coast Guard-owned housing infrastructure investment prioritization plan.