SEC. 11245.  PROMOTION PARITY. (a)  Information To Be Furnished .— Section 2115(a) of title 14, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1) by  striking  “ ; and ” and  inserting  a semicolon; 
 (2)  in paragraph (2) by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (3)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(3)  Regulations. in the case of an eligible officer considered for promotion to a rank above lieutenant, any credible information of an adverse nature, including any substantiated adverse finding or conclusion from an officially documented investigation or inquiry and any information placed in the personnel service record of the officer under section 1745(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 ( Public Law 113–66 ;  10 U.S.C. 1561 note ), shall be furnished to the selection board in accordance with standards and procedures set out in the regulations prescribed by the Secretary.” 
 . 
 
 (b)  Special Selection Review Boards .— (1)  In general .— Subchapter I of chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code ,  is amended  by  inserting  after section 2120 the following: “§ 2120a. 14 USC 2120a .  Special selection review boards “(a)  Determination. Recommenda- tion. In General .— (1)  If the Secretary determines that a person recommended by a promotion board for promotion to a grade at or below the grade of rear admiral is the subject of credible information of an adverse nature, including any substantiated adverse finding or conclusion described in section 2115(a)(3) of this title that was not furnished to the promotion board during its consideration of the person for promotion as otherwise required by such section, the Secretary shall convene a special selection review board under this section to review the person and recommend whether the recommendation for promotion of the person should be sustained. 
 “(2)  If a person and the recommendation for promotion of the person is subject to review under this section by a special selection review board convened under this section, the name of the person— “(A)  shall not be disseminated or publicly released on the list of officers recommended for promotion by the promotion board recommending the promotion of the person; and 
 “(B)  shall not be forwarded to the President or the Senate, as applicable, or included on a promotion list under section 2121 of this title. 
 
 
 “(b)  Convening .— (1)  Any special selection review board convened under this section shall be convened in accordance with the provisions of section 2120(c) of this title. 
 “(2)  Any special selection review board convened under this section may review such number of persons, and recommendations for promotion of such persons, as the Secretary shall specify in convening such special selection review board. 
 
 “(c)  Information Considered .— (1)  In reviewing a person and recommending whether the recommendation for promotion of the person should be sustained under this section, a special selection review board convened under this section shall be furnished and consider the following: 136 STAT. 4044 “(A)  The record and information concerning the person furnished in accordance with section 2115 of this title to the promotion board that recommended the person for promotion. 
 “(B)  Any credible information of an adverse nature on the person, including any substantiated adverse finding or conclusion from an officially documented investigation or inquiry described in section 2115(a)(3) of this title. 
 
 “(2)  The furnishing of information to a special selection review board under paragraph (1)(B) shall be governed by the standards and procedures referred to in section 2115 of this title. 
 “(3) (A)  Before information on a person described in paragraph (1)(B) is furnished to a special selection review board for purposes of this section, the Secretary shall ensure that— “(i)  such information is made available to the person; and 
 “(ii)  subject to subparagraphs (C) and (D), the person is afforded a reasonable opportunity to submit comments on such information to the special selection review board before its review of the person and the recommendation for promotion of the person under this section. 
 
 “(B)  Summary. If information on a person described in paragraph (1)(B) is not made available to the person as otherwise required by subparagraph (A)(i) due to the classification status of such information, the person shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be furnished a summary of such information appropriate to the person’s authorization for access to classified information. 
 “(C) (i)  An opportunity to submit comments on information is not required for a person under subparagraph (A)(ii) if— “(I)  such information was made available to the person in connection with the furnishing of such information under section 2115(a) of this title to the promotion board that recommended the promotion of the person subject to review under this section; and 
 “(II)  the person submitted comments on such information to that promotion board. 
 
 “(ii)  The comments on information of a person described in clause (i)(II) shall be furnished to the special selection review board. 
 
 “(D)  Waiver. A person may waive either or both of the following: “(i)  The right to submit comments to a special selection review board under subparagraph (A)(ii). 
 “(ii)  The furnishing of comments to a special selection review board under subparagraph (C)(ii). 
 
 
 
 “(d)  Consideration .— (1)  In considering the record and information on a person under this section, the special selection review board shall compare such record and information with an appropriate sampling of the records of those officers who were recommended for promotion by the promotion board that recommended the person for promotion, and an appropriate sampling of the records of those officers who were considered by and not recommended for promotion by that promotion board. 
 “(2)  Records and information shall be presented to a special selection review board for purposes of paragraph (1) in a manner that does not indicate or disclose the person or persons for whom the special selection review board was convened. 
 “(3)  In considering whether the recommendation for promotion of a person should be sustained under this section, a special selection review board shall, to the greatest extent practicable, apply  136 STAT. 4045 
standards used by the promotion board that recommended the person for promotion. 
 “(4)  Determination. The recommendation for promotion of a person may be sustained under this section only if the special selection review board determines that the person— “(A)  ranks on an order of merit created by the special selection review board as better qualified for promotion than the sample officer highest on the order of merit list who was considered by and not recommended for promotion by the promotion board concerned; and 
 “(B)  is comparable in qualification for promotion to those sample officers who were recommended for promotion by that promotion board. 
 
 “(5)  A recommendation for promotion of a person may be sustained under this section only by a vote of a majority of the members of the special selection review board. 
 “(6)  If a special selection review board does not sustain a recommendation for promotion of a person under this section, the person shall be considered to have failed of selection for promotion. 
 
 “(e)  Certification. Reports .— (1)  Each special selection review board convened under this section shall submit to the Secretary a written report, signed by each member of the board, containing the name of each person whose recommendation for promotion it recommends for sustainment and certifying that the board has carefully considered the record and information of each person whose name was referred to it. 
 “(2)  Applicability. The provisions of sections 2117(a) of this title apply to the report and proceedings of a special selection review board convened under this section in the same manner as they apply to the report and proceedings of a promotion board convened under section 2106 of this title. 
 
 “(f)  Appointment of Persons .— (1)  If the report of a special selection review board convened under this section recommends the sustainment of the recommendation for promotion to the next higher grade of a person whose name was referred to it for review under this section, and the President approves the report, the person shall, as soon as practicable, be appointed to that grade in accordance with section 2121 of this title. 
 “(2)  A person who is appointed to the next higher grade as described in paragraph (1) shall, upon that appointment, have the same date of rank, the same effective date for the pay and allowances of that grade, and the same position on the active-duty list as the person would have had pursuant to the original recommendation for promotion of the promotion board concerned. 
 
 “(g)  Regulations .— The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to carry out this section. 
 “(h)  Promotion Board Defined .— In this section, the term ‘ promotion board ’ means a selection board convened by the Secretary under section 2106 of this title.” 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The analysis for  chapter 21 of title 14, United States Code , 14 USC prec. 2101.   is amended  by  inserting  after the item relating to section 2120 the following: 
 
 “2120a.  
 Special selection review boards.”. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Availability of Information .— Section 2118 of title 14, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following: “(e)  If the Secretary makes a recommendation under this section that the name of an officer be removed from a report of a selection  136 STAT. 4046 
board and the recommendation is accompanied by information that was not presented to that selection board, that information shall be made available to that officer. The officer shall then be afforded a reasonable opportunity to submit comments on that information to the officials making the recommendation and the officials reviewing the recommendation. Summary.  If an eligible officer cannot be given access to such information because of its classification status, the officer shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be provided with an appropriate summary of the information.” 
 . 
 (d)  Delay of Promotion .— Section 2121(f) of title 14, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows: “(f) (1)  The promotion of an officer may be delayed without prejudice if any of the following applies: “(A)  The officer is under investigation or proceedings of a court-martial or a board of officers are pending against the officer. 
 “(B)  A criminal proceeding in a Federal or State court is pending against the officer. 
 “(C)  Determination. The Secretary determines that credible information of an adverse nature, including a substantiated adverse finding or conclusion described in section 2115(a)(3), with respect to the officer will result in the convening of a special selection review board under section 2120a of this title to review the officer and recommend whether the recommendation for promotion of the officer should be sustained. 
 
 “(2) (A)  Applicability. Subject to subparagraph (B), a promotion may be delayed under this subsection until, as applicable— “(i)  the completion of the investigation or proceedings described in subparagraph (A); 
 “(ii)  a final decision in the proceeding described in subparagraph (B) is issued; or 
 “(iii)  the special selection review board convened under section 2120a of this title issues recommendations with respect to the officer. 
 
 “(B)  Determination. Time period. Unless the Secretary determines that a further delay is necessary in the public interest, a promotion may not be delayed under this subsection for more than one year after the date the officer would otherwise have been promoted. 
 
 “(3)  An officer whose promotion is delayed under this subsection and who is subsequently promoted shall be given the date of rank and position on the active duty promotion list in the grade to which promoted that he would have held had his promotion not been so delayed.” 
 
 .