SEC. 11407.  HEALTHCARE SYSTEM REVIEW AND STRATEGIC PLAN. (a)  In General .— Not later than 270 days after the completion of the studies conducted by the Comptroller General of the United States under sections 8259 and 8260 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  134 Stat. 4679 ), the Commandant shall— (1)  conduct a comprehensive review of the Coast Guard healthcare system; and 
 (2)  develop a strategic plan for improvements to, and the modernization of, such system to ensure access to high-quality, timely healthcare for members of the Coast Guard, their dependents, and applicable Coast Guard retirees. 
 
 (b)  Plan .— (1)  In general .— The strategic plan developed under subsection (a) shall seek to— (A)  maximize the medical readiness of members of the Coast Guard; 
 (B)  optimize delivery of healthcare benefits; 
 (C)  ensure high-quality training of Coast Guard medical personnel; and 
 (D)  prepare for the future needs of the Coast Guard. 
 
 (2)  Elements .— The plan shall address, at a minimum, the following: (A)  Improving access to healthcare for members of the Coast Guard, their dependents, and applicable Coast Guard retirees. 
 (B)  Quality of healthcare. 
 (C)  The experience and satisfaction of members of the Coast Guard and their dependents with the Coast Guard healthcare system. 
 (D)  The readiness of members of the Coast Guard and Coast Guard medical personnel. 
 
 
 (c)  Review Committee .— (1)  Establishment .— The Commandant shall establish a review committee to conduct a comprehensive analysis of the Coast Guard healthcare system (referred to in this section as the “Review Committee”). 136 STAT. 4114 
 (2)  Membership .— The Review Committee shall be composed of members selected by the Commandant, including— (A)  1 or more members of the uniformed services (as defined in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code ) or Federal employees, either of which have expertise in— (i)  the medical, dental, pharmacy, or behavioral health fields; or 
 (ii)  any other field the Commandant considers appropriate; 
 
 (B)  1 representative of the Defense Health Agency; and 
 (C)  1 medical representative from each Coast Guard district. 
 
 (3)  Chairperson .— The chairperson of the Review Committee shall be the Director of the Health, Safety, and Work Life Directorate of the Coast Guard. 
 (4)  Staff .— The Review Committee shall be staffed by employees of the Coast Guard. 
 (5)  Report to commandant .— Not later than 1 year after the Review Committee is established, the Review Committee shall submit to the Commandant a report that— (A)  Assessment. assesses, taking into consideration the medical staffing standards developed under section 11406, the recommended medical staffing standards set forth in the Comptroller General study required by section 8260 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  134 Stat. 4679 ), and compares such standards to the medical staffing standards of the Department of Defense and the private sector; 
 (B)  addresses improvements needed to ensure continuity of care for members of the Coast Guard, including by evaluating the feasibility of having a dedicated primary care manager for each such member while the member is stationed at a duty station; 
 (C)  Evaluation. evaluates the effects of increased surge deployments of medical personnel on staffing needs at Coast Guard clinics; 
 (D)  identifies ways to improve access to care for members of the Coast Guard and their dependents who are stationed in remote areas, including methods to expand access to providers in the available network; 
 (E)  identifies ways the Coast Guard may better use Department of Defense Military Health System resources for members of the Coast Guard, their dependents, and applicable Coast Guard retirees; 
 (F)  identifies barriers to participation in the Coast Guard healthcare system and ways the Coast Guard may better use patient feedback to improve quality of care at Coast Guard-owned facilities, military treatment facilities, and specialist referrals; 
 (G)  Recommenda- tions. includes recommendations to improve the Coast Guard healthcare system; and 
 (H)  any other matter the Commandant or the Review Committee considers appropriate. 136 STAT. 4115 
 
 (6)  Termination .— The Review Committee shall terminate on the date that is 1 year after the date on which the Review Committee submits the report required under paragraph (5). 
 (7)  Inapplicability of federal advisory committee act .— The Federal Advisory Committee Act ( 5 U.S.C. App. ) shall not apply to the Review Committee. 
 
 (d)  Report to Congress .— Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commandant shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives— (1)  the strategic plan for the Coast Guard medical system required under subsection (a); 
 (2)  the report of the Review Committee submitted to the Commandant under subsection (c)(5); and 
 (3)  a description of the manner in which the Commandant plans to implement the recommendations of the Review Committee.