SEC. 1076.  REPORT ON EFFECTS OF STRATEGIC COMPETITOR NAVAL FACILITIES IN AFRICA. (a)  In General .— Not later than May 15, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the effects of current or planned covered naval facilities in Africa on the interests of the Department of Defense. 
 (b)  China. Russia. Elements .— The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An identification of— (A)  any location in Africa where a covered naval facility has been established; and 
 (B)  any location in Africa where a covered naval facility is planned for construction. 
 
 (2)  A detailed description of— (A)  any agreement entered into between China or Russia and a country or government in Africa providing for or enabling the establishment or operation of a covered naval facility in Africa; and 
 (B)  any efforts by the Department of Defense to change force posture, deployments, or other activities in Africa as a result of current or planned covered naval facilities in Africa. 
 
 (3)  Assessments. An assessment of— (A)  the effect that each current covered naval facility has had on Department of Defense interests in and around Africa, including Department of Defense operational plans in the areas of responsibility of geographic combatant commands other than United States Africa Command; 
 (B)  the effect that each planned covered naval facility is expected to have on Department of Defense interests in and around Africa, including Department of Defense operational plans in the areas of responsibility of geographic combatant commands other than United States Africa Command; 
 (C)  the policy objectives of China and Russia in establishing current and future covered naval facilities at the locations identified under paragraph (1); and 
 (D)  the specific military capabilities supported by each current or planned covered naval facility. 136 STAT. 2797 
 
 
 (c)  Form of Report .— The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form without any designation relating to dissemination control, but may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ Africa ” means all countries in the area of operations of United States Africa Command and Egypt. 
 (2)  The term “ covered naval facility ” means a naval facility owned, operated, or otherwise controlled by the People’s Republic of China or the Russian Federation. 
 (3)  The term “ naval facility ” means a naval base, civilian sea port with dual military uses, or other facility intended for the use of warships or other naval vessels for refueling, refitting, resupply, force projection, or other military purposes.