SEC. 11233.  STUDY ON OPERATIONAL AVAILABILITY OF COAST GUARD AIRCRAFT AND STRATEGY FOR COAST GUARD AVIATION. (a)  Study .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall commence a study on the operational availability of Coast Guard aircraft. 
 (2)  Elements .— The study required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Assessments. An assessment of— (i)  the extent to which the fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft of the Coast Guard have met annual operational availability targets in recent years; 
 (ii)  the challenges the Coast Guard may face with respect to such aircraft meeting operational availability targets, and the effects of such challenges on the ability of the Coast Guard to meet mission requirements; and 
 (iii)  the status of Coast Guard efforts to upgrade or recapitalize its fleet of such aircraft to meet growth in future mission demands globally, such as in the Western Hemisphere, the Arctic region, and the Western Pacific region. 
 
 (B)  Recommenda- tion. Any recommendation with respect to the operational availability of Coast Guard aircraft. 
 (C)  The resource and workforce requirements necessary for Coast Guard Aviation to meet current and future mission demands specific to each rotary-wing and fixed-wing airframe type in the current inventory of the Coast Guard. 
 
 (3)  Report .— On completion of the study required under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall submit to the Commandant a report on the findings of the study. 
 
 (b)  Coast Guard Aviation Strategy .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the study under subsection (a) is completed, the Commandant shall develop a comprehensive strategy for Coast Guard Aviation that is informed by the relevant recommendations and findings of the study. 
 (2)  Elements .— The strategy required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  With respect to aircraft of the Coast Guard— (i)  Analysis. an analysis of— (I)  the current and future operations and future resource needs, including the potential need for a second rotary wing airframe to carry out cutter-based operations and National Capital Region air interdiction mission; and 
 (II)  the manner in which such future needs are integrated with the Future Vertical Lift initiatives of the Department of Defense; and 
 
 (ii)  Timeline. an estimated timeline with respect to when such future needs will arise. 
 
 (B)  The projected number of aviation assets, the locations at which such assets are to be stationed, the cost  136 STAT. 4034 
of operation and maintenance of such assets, and an assessment of the capabilities of such assets as compared to the missions they are expected to execute, at the completion of major procurement and modernization plans. 
 (C)  Procurement plan. Timetable. A procurement plan, including an estimated timetable and the estimated appropriations necessary for all platforms, including unmanned aircraft. 
 (D)  Training plan. A training plan for pilots and aircrew that addresses— (i)  the use of simulators owned and operated by the Coast Guard, and simulators that are not owned or operated by the Coast Guard, including any such simulators based outside the United States; and 
 (ii)  the costs associated with attending training courses. 
 
 (E)  Requirements. Current and future requirements for cutter and land-based deployment of aviation assets globally, including in the Arctic, the Eastern Pacific, the Western Pacific, the Caribbean, the Atlantic Basin, and any other area the Commandant considers appropriate. 
 (F)  A description of the feasibility of deploying, and the resource requirements necessary to deploy, rotary-winged assets onboard all future Arctic cutter patrols. 
 (G)  Evaluation. An evaluation of current and future facilities needs for Coast Guard aviation units. 
 (H)  Evaluation. An evaluation of pilot and aircrew training and retention needs, including aviation career incentive pay, retention bonuses, and any other workforce tools the Commandant considers necessary. 
 
 (3)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the strategy required under paragraph (1) is completed, the Commandant shall provide to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a briefing on the strategy.