SEC. 11332.  Deadlines. 16 USC 1885 note . IMPORT AUDITS. (a)  Records. Audit Procedures .— The Secretary shall, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, implement procedures to audit information and supporting records of sufficient numbers of imports of seafood and seafood products subject to the Seafood Import Monitoring Program to support statistically robust conclusions that the samples audited are representative of all seafood imports covered by the Seafood Import Monitoring Program with respect to a given year. 
 (b)  Analysis. Expansion of Marine Forensics Laboratory .— The Secretary shall, not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, begin the process of expanding the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Marine Forensics Laboratory, including by establishing sufficient capacity for the development and deployment of rapid, and follow-up, analysis of field-based tests focused on identifying Seafood Import Monitoring Program species, and prioritizing such species at high risk of illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing and seafood fraud. 136 STAT. 4100 
 (c)  Annual Revision .— In developing the procedures required in subsection (a), the Secretary shall use predictive analytics to inform whether to revise such procedures to prioritize for audit those imports originating from nations— (1)  identified pursuant to section 609(a) or 610(a) of the High Seas Driftnet Fishing Moratorium Protection Act ( 16 U.S.C. 1826j(a)  or 1826k(a)) that have not yet received a subsequent positive certification pursuant to section 609(d) or 610(c) of such Act, respectively; 
 (2)  identified by an appropriate regional fishery management organization as being the flag state or landing location of vessels identified by other nations or regional fisheries management organizations as engaging in illegal, unreported, or unregulated fishing; 
 (3)  identified as having human trafficking or forced labor in any part of the seafood supply chain, including on vessels flagged in such nation, and including feed for cultured production, in the most recent Trafficking in Persons Report issued by the Department of State in accordance with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 ( 22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ); 
 (4)  identified as producing goods that contain seafood using forced labor or oppressive child labor in the most recent List of Goods Produced by Child Labor or Forced Labor in accordance with the Trafficking Victims Protection Act ( 22 U.S.C. 7101 et seq. ); and 
 (5)  identified as at risk for human trafficking, including forced labor, in their seafood catching and processing industries by the report required under section 3563 of the Maritime SAFE Act ( Public Law 116–92 ).