SEC. 1201.  PAYMENT OF PERSONNEL EXPENSES NECESSARY FOR PARTICIPATION IN TRAINING PROGRAM CONDUCTED BY COLOMBIA UNDER THE UNITED STATES-COLOMBIA ACTION PLAN FOR REGIONAL SECURITY. (a)  In General .— Subchapter IV of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following: “§ 335.   10 USC 335 . Payment of personnel expenses necessary for participation in training program conducted by Colombia under the United States-Colombia Action Plan for Regional Security “(a)  Authority .— The Secretary of Defense may pay the expendable training supplies, travel, subsistence, and similar personnel expenses of, and special compensation for, the following that the Secretary considers necessary for participation in the training program conducted by Colombia under the United States-Colombia Action Plan for Regional Security: “(1)  Defense personnel of friendly foreign governments. 
 “(2)  With the concurrence of the Secretary of State, other personnel of friendly foreign governments and nongovernmental personnel. 
 
 “(b)  Limitation .— “(1)  In general .— Except as provided in paragraph (2), the authority provided in subsection (a) may only be used for the payment of such expenses of, and special compensation for, such personnel from developing countries. 
 “(2)  Determination. Exception .—  The Secretary may authorize the payment of such expenses of, and special compensation for, such personnel from a country other than a developing country if the Secretary determines that such payment is— “(A)  necessary to respond to extraordinary circumstances; and 
 “(B)  in the national security interest of the United States.” 
 
 
 
 . 136 STAT. 2823 
 (b)  Conforming Amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of  subchapter IV of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code , 10 USC prec. 331.   is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new item: 
 
 “335.  
 Payment of personnel expenses necessary for participation in training program conducted by Colombia under the United States-Colombia Action Plan for Regional Security.”.