SEC. 236.  10 USC 4001 note . STRATEGY AND PLAN FOR FOSTERING AND STRENGTHENING THE DEFENSE INNOVATION ECOSYSTEM. (a)  Deadline. Strategy and Implementation Plan Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall develop— (1)  a strategy fostering and strengthening the defense innovation ecosystem; and 
 (2)  a plan for implementing such strategy. 
 
 (b)  Purposes .— (1)  Strategy .— The purpose of the strategy required by subsection (a)(1) is to provide a framework for identifying, assessing, and tracking innovation ecosystems that are beneficial to advancing the defense, national security, and warfighting missions of the Department of Defense. 
 (2)  Implementation plan .— The purpose of the implementation plan required by subsection (a)(2) is to provide— (A)  concrete steps and measures of effectiveness to gauge the effect of the innovation ecosystems described in paragraph (1) on the Department; and 
 (B)  Assessment. a means for assessing the effectiveness of the strategy developed under subsection (a)(1), including the approaches taken by the Department to grow, foster, and sustain such innovation ecosystems. 
 
 
 (c)  Elements .— The strategy and the implementation plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  A process for defining, assessing, and selecting innovation ecosystems with potential to provide benefit to the Department of Defense. 
 (2)  Metrics for measuring the performance and health of innovation ecosystems being supported by the Department, including identification of criteria to determine when to support or cease supporting identified ecosystems. 
 (3)  Identification of the authorities and Department of Defense research, development, test, and evaluation assets that can be used to identify, establish, sustain, and expand innovation ecosystems. 
 (4)  For each innovation ecosystem supported by the Department— (A)  a description of the core competencies or focus areas of the ecosystem; 
 (B)  identification of any organizations or elements of the Department that engage with the ecosystem; 136 STAT. 2491 
 (C)  identification of the private sector assets that are being used to support, sustain, and expand the identified innovation ecosystem; and 
 (D)  a description of any challenges and successes associated with such ecosystem. 
 
 (5)  Such other elements as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
 
 (d)  Deadline. Interim Briefing .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the strategy and implementation plan developed under subsection (a). 
 (e)  Deadline. Submittal of Strategy and Plan .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy and implementation plan developed under subsection (a). 
 (f)  Deadline. Quadrennial Updates .— Not later than March 1, 2027, and not less frequently than once ever four years thereafter until December 31, 2039, the Secretary shall— (1)  update the strategy and plan developed under subsection (a); and 
 (2)  submit the updated strategy and plan to the congressional defense committees. 
 
 (g)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ Department of Defense research, development, test, and evaluation assets ” includes the following: (A)  The Department of Defense science and technology reinvention laboratories designated under  section 4121 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (B)  The Major Range and Test Facility Base (as defined in section 4173(i) of such title). 
 (C)  Department of Defense sponsored manufacturing innovation institutes. 
 (D)  The organic industrial base. 
 (E)  Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities (as defined in  section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code ) that carry out activities using funds appropriated for research, development, test, and evaluation. 
 (F)  Any other organization or element of the Department of Defense that carries out activities using funds appropriated for research, development, test, and evaluation. 
 
 (2)  The term “ innovation ecosystem ” refers to a regionally based network of private sector, academic, and government institutions in a network of formal and informal institutional relationships that contribute to technological and economic development in a defined technology sector or sectors.