SEC. 2922.  CONVEYANCES TO LANDER COUNTY, NEVADA. (a)  Conveyance for Watershed Protection, Recreation, and Parks .— Deadline. Notwithstanding the land use planning requirements of sections 202 and 203 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 ( 43 U.S.C. 1712 , 1713), not later than 60 days after the date on which the County identifies and selects the parcels of Federal land for conveyance to the County from among the parcels identified on the Map as “Lander County Parcels BLM and USFS” and dated August 4, 2020, the Secretary concerned shall convey to the County, subject to valid existing rights and for no consideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the identified parcels of Federal land (including mineral rights) for use by the County for watershed protection, recreation, and parks. 
 (b)  Conveyance for Airport Facility .— (1)  In general .— Notwithstanding the land use planning requirements of sections 202 and 203 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 ( 43 U.S.C. 1712 , 1713), the Secretary concerned shall convey to the County, subject to valid existing rights, including mineral rights, all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the parcels of Federal land identified on the Map as “Kingston Airport” for the purpose of improving the relevant airport facility and related infrastructure. 
 (2)  Costs .— The only costs for the conveyance to be paid by the County under paragraph (1) shall be the survey costs relating to the conveyance. 
 
 (c)  Survey .— The exact acreage and legal description of any parcel of Federal land to be conveyed under subsection (a) or (b) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary concerned and the County. 
 (d)  Reversionary Interest .— If a parcel of Federal land conveyed to the County under subsections (a) or (b) ceases to be used for public recreation or other public purposes consistent with the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the “Recreation and Public Purposes Act”;  43 U.S.C. 869 et seq. ), the parcel of Federal land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary of the Interior, revert to the United States. 
 (e)  Map, Acreage Estimates, and Legal Descriptions .— (1)  Minor errors .— The Secretary concerned and the County may, by mutual agreement— (A)  make minor boundary adjustments to the parcels of Federal land to be conveyed under subsection (a) or (b); and 
 (B)  correct any minor errors in— (i)  the Map; or 
 (ii)  an acreage estimate or legal description of any parcel of Federal land conveyed under subsection (a) or (b). 
 
 
 (2)  Conflict .— If there is a conflict between the Map, an acreage estimate, or a legal description of Federal land  136 STAT. 3048 
conveyed under subsection (a) or (b), the Map shall control unless the Secretary concerned and the County mutually agree otherwise. 
 (3)  Availability .— The Secretary shall make the Map available for public inspection in— (A)  the Office of the Nevada State Director of the Bureau of Land Management; and 
 (B)  the Bureau of Land Management Battle Mountain Field Office.