“§ 239d.   10 USC 239d . Budgeting for depot and ammunition production facility maintenance and repair: annual report “(a)  Annual Report .— The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall include with the defense budget materials for each fiscal year a report regarding the maintenance and repair of covered facilities. 
 “(b)  Time periods. Elements .— Each report required under subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following (disaggregated by military department): “(1)  Data. With respect to each of the three fiscal years preceding the fiscal year covered by the defense budget materials with which the report is included, revenue data for that fiscal year for the maintenance, repair, and overhaul workload funded at all the depots of the military department. 
 “(2)  With respect to the fiscal year covered by the defense budget materials with which the report is included and each of the two fiscal years prior, an identification of the following: “(A)  The amount of appropriations budgeted for that fiscal year for depots, further disaggregated by the type of appropriation. 
 “(B)  The amount budgeted for that fiscal year for working-capital fund investments by the Secretary of the military department for the capital budgets of the covered depots of the military department, shown in total and further disaggregated by whether the investment relates to the efficiency of depot facilities, work environment, equipment, equipment (non-capital investment program), or processes. 
 “(C)  The total amount required to be invested by the Secretary of the military department for that fiscal year for the capital budgets of covered depots pursuant to section 2476(a) of this title. 
 “(D)  A comparison of the budgeted amount identified under subparagraph (B) with the total required amount identified under subparagraph (C). 
 “(E)  For each covered depot of the military department, of the total required amount identified under subparagraph (C), the percentage of such amount allocated, or projected to be allocated, to the covered depot for that fiscal year. 
 
 “(3)  For each covered facility of the military department, the following: “(A)  Information on the average facility condition, average critical facility condition, restoration and maintenance  136 STAT. 2540 
project backlog, and average equipment age, including a description of any changes in such metrics from previous years. 
 “(B)  Information on the status of the implementation at the covered facility of the plans and strategies of the Department of Defense relating to covered facility improvement, including, as applicable, the implementation of the strategy required under section 359 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ;  133 Stat. 1323 ;  10 U.S.C. 2460 note ). 
 
 
 “(c)  Definitions .— In this section: “(1)  The term ‘ ammunition production facility ’ means an ammunition organic industrial base production facility. 
 “(2)  The terms ‘budget’ and ‘defense budget materials’ have the meaning given those terms in section 234 of this title. 
 “(3)  The term ‘ covered depot ’ has the meaning given that term in section 2476 of this title. 
 “(4)  The term ‘ covered facility ’ means a covered depot or an ammunition production facility.”