“SEC. 216.  16 USC 6415 . DEFINITIONS.   “In this title: “(1)  Administrator .— The term ‘ Administrator ’ means the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
 “(2)  Alaska native corporation .— The term ‘ Alaska Native Corporation ’ has the meaning given the term ‘ Native Corporation ’ in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act ( 43 U.S.C. 1602 ). 
 “(3)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term ‘ appropriate congressional committees ’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives. 
 “(4)  Conservation .— The term ‘ conservation ’ means the use of methods and procedures necessary to preserve or sustain native corals and associated species as diverse, viable, and self-perpetuating coral reef ecosystems with minimal impacts from invasive species, including— “(A)  all activities associated with resource management, such as monitoring, assessment, protection, restoration, sustainable use, management of habitat, and maintenance or augmentation of genetic diversity; 
 “(B)  mapping; 
 “(C)  scientific expertise and technical assistance in the development and implementation of management strategies for marine protected areas and marine resources required by Federal law; 
 “(D)  law enforcement; 
 “(E)  conflict resolution initiatives; 
 “(F)  community outreach and education; and 
 “(G)  promotion of safe and ecologically sound navigation and anchoring. 
 
 “(5)  Coral .— The term ‘ coral ’ means species of the phylum Cnidaria, including— “(A)  all species of the orders Antipatharia (black corals), Scleractinia (stony corals), Alcyonacea (soft corals, organ pipe corals, gorgonians), and Helioporacea (blue coral), of the class Anthozoa; and 
 “(B)  all species of the order Anthoathecata (fire corals and other hydrocorals) of the class Hydrozoa. 
 
 “(6)  Coral products .— The term ‘ coral products ’ means any living or dead specimens, parts, or derivatives, or any  136 STAT. 3949 
product containing specimens, parts, or derivatives, of any species of coral. 
 “(7)  Coral reef .— The term ‘ coral reef ’ means calcium carbonate structures in the form of a reef or shoal, composed in whole or in part by living coral, skeletal remains of coral, crustose coralline algae, and other associated sessile marine plants and animals. 
 “(8)  Coral reef ecosystem .— The term ‘ coral reef ecosystem ’ means— “(A)  corals and other geographically and ecologically associated marine communities of other reef organisms (including reef plants and animals) associated with coral reef habitat; and 
 “(B)  the biotic and abiotic factors and processes that control or significantly affect coral calcification rates, tissue growth, reproduction, recruitment, abundance, coral-algal symbiosis, and biodiversity in such habitat. 
 
 “(9)  Coral reef ecosystem services .— The term ‘ coral reef ecosystem services ’ means the attributes and benefits provided by coral reef ecosystems including— “(A)  protection of coastal beaches, structures, and infrastructure; 
 “(B)  habitat for organisms of economic, ecological, biomedical, medicinal, and cultural value; 
 “(C)  serving as centers for the promulgation, performance, and training of cultural practices representative of traditional ecological knowledge; and 
 “(D)  aesthetic value. 
 
 “(10)  Covered native entity .— The term ‘ covered Native entity ’ means a Native entity with interests in a coral reef ecosystem. 
 “(11)  Covered reef manager .— The term ‘ covered reef manager ’ means— “(A)  a management unit of a covered State with jurisdiction over a coral reef ecosystem; 
 “(B)  a covered State; or 
 “(C)  a coral reef stewardship partnership under section 206. 
 
 “(12)  Covered state .— The term ‘ covered State ’ means Florida, Hawaii, and the territories of American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands. 
 “(13)  Federal reef manager .— “(A)  In general .— The term ‘ Federal reef manager ’ means— “(i)  a management unit of a Federal agency specified in subparagraph (B) with lead management jurisdiction over a coral reef ecosystem; or 
 “(ii)  a coral reef stewardship partnership under section 206(c). 
 
 “(B)  Federal agencies specified .— A Federal agency specified in this subparagraph is one of the following: “(i)  The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
 “(ii)  The National Park Service. 
 “(iii)  The United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
 “(iv)  The Office of Insular Affairs. 136 STAT. 3950 
 
 
 “(14)  Institution of higher education .— The term ‘ institution of higher education ’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 ). 
 “(15)  Interested stakeholder groups .— The term ‘ interested stakeholder groups ’ means any of the following with interest in an applicable coral reef or ecologically significant unit of a coral reef: “(A)  A business. 
 “(B)  A commercial or recreational fisherman. 
 “(C)  A recreationalist. 
 “(D)  A Federal, State, Tribal, or local government unit with related jurisdiction. 
 “(E)  An institution of higher education (as such term is defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001(a) ). 
 “(F)  A nongovernmental organization. 
 
 “(16)  National coral reef resilience strategy .— The term ‘ National Coral Reef Resilience Strategy ’ means the National Coral Reef Resilience Strategy in effect under section 204. 
 “(17)  Native entity .— The term ‘ Native entity ’ means any of the following: “(A)  An Indian Tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5304 )). 
 “(B)  An Alaska Native Corporation. 
 “(C)  The Department of Hawaiian Home Lands. 
 “(D)  The Office of Hawaiian Affairs. 
 “(E)  A Native Hawaiian organization (as defined in section 6207 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7517 )). 
 
 “(18)  Nonprofit organization .— The term ‘ nonprofit organization ’ means any corporation, trust, association, cooperative, or other organization, not including an institution of higher education, that— “(A)  is operated primarily for scientific, educational, service, charitable, or similar purposes in the public interest; 
 “(B)  is not organized primarily for profit; and 
 “(C)  uses net proceeds to maintain, improve, or expand the operations of the organization. 
 
 “(19)  Restoration .— The term ‘ restoration ’ means the use of methods and procedures necessary to enhance, rehabilitate, recreate, or create a functioning coral reef or coral reef ecosystem, in whole or in part, within suitable waters of the historical geographic range of such ecosystems, to provide ecological, economic, cultural, or coastal resiliency services associated with healthy coral reefs and benefit native populations of coral reef organisms. 
 “(20)  Resilience .— The term ‘ resilience ’ means the capacity for corals within their native range, coral reefs, or coral reef ecosystems to resist and recover from natural and human disturbances, and maintain structure and function to provide coral reef ecosystem services, as determined by clearly identifiable, measurable, and science-based standards. 136 STAT. 3951 
 “(21)  Secretary .— The term ‘ Secretary ’ means the Secretary of Commerce. 
 “(22)  State .— The term ‘ State ’ means— “(A)  any State of the United States that contains a coral reef ecosystem within its seaward boundaries; 
 “(B)  American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, Puerto Rico, or the United States Virgin Islands; or 
 “(C)  any other territory or possession of the United States or separate sovereign in free association with the United States that contains a coral reef ecosystem within its seaward boundaries. 
 
 “(23)  Stewardship .— The term ‘ stewardship ’, with respect to a coral reef, includes conservation, restoration, and public outreach and education. 
 “(24)  Task force .— The term ‘ Task Force ’ means the United States Coral Reef Task Force established under section 10011 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023.”