“SEC. 2991.  ROAD RECONSTRUCTION AND TREATMENT OF EXISTING ROADS AND RIGHTS-OF-WAY. “(a)  Road Reconstruction .— Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of the Navy shall be responsible for the timely— “(1)  reconstruction of— “(A)  Lone Tree Road leading to the B–16 Range; and 
 “(B)  State Highway 361; and 
 
 “(2)  relocation of— “(A)  Sand Canyon and Red Mountain Roads, consistent with alternative 2A, as described in the Final FRTC Road Realignment Study dated March 14, 2022; and 
 “(B)  Pole Line Road, consistent with alternative 3B, as described in the Final FRTC Road Realignment Study dated March 14, 2022. 
 
 
 “(b)  Limitation on Use of Land Prior to Completion of Requirements . Determination. — In accordance with section 2982(c)(1), the Secretary of the Navy shall not make operational use of the expanded areas of the B–16, B–17, and B–20 Ranges that were not subject to previous withdrawals comprising the Fallon Range Training Complex and that are withdrawn and reserved by section 2981 until the date on which the Secretary of the Navy determines that each of the requirements of subsection (a) have been met. 
 “(c)  Existing Roads and Rights-of-way; Access .— “(1)  In general .— The withdrawal and reservation of land made by section 2981 shall not be construed to affect the following roads and associated rights-of-way: “(A)  United States Highways 50 and 95. 
 “(B)  State Routes 121 and 839. 
 “(C)  The Churchill County, Nevada, roads identified as Simpson Road, East County Road, Earthquake Fault Road, and Fairview Peak Road. 
 
 “(2)  Access .— Any road identified on the map described in section 2981(b) as an existing minor county road shall be available for managed access consistent with the purposes of the withdrawal. 
 
 “(d)  New Rights-of-way .— The Secretary of the Navy, in coordination with the Secretary of the Interior, shall be responsible for the timely grant of new rights-of-way for Sand Canyon and Red Mountain Road, Pole Line Road, and East County Road to the appropriate County. 
 “(e)  I–11 Corridors .— The Secretary of the Interior shall manage the land located within the ‘Churchill County Preferred I–11 Corridor’ and ‘NDOT I–11 Corridor’ as depicted on the map entitled ‘Churchill County Proposed Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization and Lands Bill’ and dated November 30, 2022, in accordance with this section. 
 “(f)  Records. Public Availability of Map .— A copy of the map described in section 2981(b) shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the Bureau of Land Management. 
 “(g)  Withdrawal of Land .— Subject to any valid rights in existence on the date of enactment of this subtitle, the land located  136 STAT. 3029 
within the corridors depicted as ‘Utility and Infrastructure Corridors’ on the map entitled ‘Churchill County Proposed Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization and Lands Bill’ and dated November 30, 2022, is withdrawn from— “(1)  location and entry under the mining laws; and 
 “(2)  disposition under all laws pertaining to mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral materials. 
 
 “(h)  Termination of Withdrawal .— A withdrawal under subsection (g) shall terminate on the date on which— “(1)  the Secretary of the Interior, in coordination with Churchill County, Nevada, terminates the withdrawal; or 
 “(2)  the applicable corridor or land is patented. 
 
 “(i)  Revised Statutes Section 2477 Claims .— The withdrawal and reservation of land by section 2981 shall not affect the ability of Churchill County, Nevada, to seek adjudication of claims under section 2477 of the Revised Statutes ( 43 U.S.C. 932 ), as in effect prior to being repealed by section 706(a) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 ( Public Law 94–579 ;  90 Stat. 2793 ). 
 “(j)  Treatment of the West-wide Energy Corridor .— “(1)  In general .— Nothing in section 2981 shall be construed to restrict the development of high voltage electrical power utility lines within the portion of the designated West-Wide Energy Corridor that is located outside of the B–16 Range. 
 “(2)  Transmission line .— The Secretary of the Navy shall allow 1 transmission line within that portion of the designated West-Wide Energy Corridor that is located within the B–16 Range nearest the existing transmission line adjacent to the western boundary of the B–16 Range. 
 “(3)  Determination. Future transmission line .— If the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior determine that additional transmission lines cannot be accommodated outside of the B–16 Range, to the extent practicable, the Secretary of the Navy shall allow the construction of a new transmission line as close as practicable to the existing transmission line.