“SEC. 210.  16 USC 6409 . CORAL REEF DISASTER FUND. “(a)  Contracts. Agreements .— The Administrator shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation (in this section referred to as the ‘Foundation’), authorizing the Foundation to receive, hold, and administer funds received under this section. 
 “(b)  Fund .— “(1)  In general .— The Foundation shall establish an account, to be known as the ‘Coral Reef Disaster Fund’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Fund’). 
 “(2)  Deposits .— The Foundation shall deposit funds received under this section into the Fund. 
 “(3)  Purposes .— The Fund shall be available solely to support the long-term recovery of coral reefs from exigent circumstances described in section 209(b)— “(A)  in partnership with non-Federal stakeholders; and 
 “(B)  in a manner that is consistent with— “(i)  the National Coral Reef Resilience Strategy; and 
 “(ii)  coral reef action plans in effect, if any, under section 205. 
 
 
 “(4)  Investment of amounts .— “(A)  Investment of amounts .— The Foundation shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not required to meet current withdrawals in interest-bearing obligations of the United States or in obligations guaranteed as to both principal and interest by the United States. 
 “(B)  Interest and proceeds .— The interest on, and the proceeds from, the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to and form a part of the Fund. 
 
 “(5)  Review of performance .— The Administrator shall conduct continuing reviews of all deposits into, and disbursements from, the Fund. Assessment.  Each such review shall include a written assessment concerning the extent to which the Foundation has implemented the goals and requirements of this section. 
 
 “(c)  Authorization To Solicit Donations .— “(1)  In general .— Pursuant to an agreement entered into under subsection (a), the Foundation may accept, receive, solicit, hold, administer, and use any gift (including, notwithstanding  section 1342 of title 31, United States Code , donations of services) to further the purposes of this title. 
 “(2)  Deposits in fund .— Notwithstanding  section 3302 of title 31, United States Code , any funds received as a gift shall be deposited and maintained in the Fund.