“SEC. 208.  16 USC 6407 . CORAL REEF STEWARDSHIP FUND. “(a)  Contracts. Agreement .— The Administrator shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation (in this section referred to as the ‘Foundation’), authorizing the Foundation to receive, hold, and administer funds received under this section. 
 “(b)  Fund .— “(1)  In general .— The Foundation shall establish an account, which shall— “(A)  be known as the ‘Coral Reef Stewardship Fund’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Fund’); and 
 “(B)  serve as the successor to the account known before the date of the enactment of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 as the Coral Reef Conservation Fund and administered through a public-private partnership with the Foundation. 
 
 “(2)  Deposits .— The Foundation shall deposit funds received under this section into the Fund. 
 “(3)  Purposes .— The Fund shall be available solely to support coral reef stewardship activities that— “(A)  further the purposes of this title; and 
 “(B)  are consistent with— “(i)  the National Coral Reef Resilience Strategy; and 
 “(ii)  coral reef action plans in effect, if any, under section 205 covering a coral reef or ecologically significant component of a coral reef to be impacted by such activities, if applicable. 
 
 
 “(4)  Investment of amounts .— “(A)  Investment of amounts .— The Foundation shall invest such portion of the Fund as is not required to meet current withdrawals in interest-bearing obligations of the United States or in obligations guaranteed as to both principal and interest by the United States. 
 “(B)  Interest and proceeds .— The interest on, and the proceeds from the sale or redemption of, any obligations held in the Fund shall be credited to and form a part of the Fund. 
 
 “(5)  Review of performance .— The Administrator shall conduct a continuing review of all deposits into, and disbursements from, the Fund. Assessments.  Each review shall include a written assessment concerning the extent to which the Foundation has implemented the goals and requirements of— “(A)  this section; and 
 “(B)  the National Coral Reef Resilience Strategy. 
 
 
 “(c)  Authorization To Solicit Donations .— “(1)  In general .— Pursuant to an agreement entered into under subsection (a), the Foundation may accept, receive,  136 STAT. 3940 
solicit, hold, administer, and use any gift (including, notwithstanding  section 1342 of title 31, United States Code , donations of services) to further the purposes of this title. 
 “(2)  Deposits in fund .— Notwithstanding  section 3302 of title 31, United States Code , any funds received as a gift shall be deposited and maintained in the Fund. 
 
 “(d)  Transfer authority. Administration .— Under an agreement entered into pursuant to subsection (a), and subject to the availability of appropriations, the Administrator may transfer funds appropriated for such purposes to carry out this title to the Foundation. Amounts received by the Foundation under this subsection may be used for matching, in whole or in part, contributions (whether in money, services, or property) made to the Foundation by private persons, State or local government agencies, or covered Native entities.