“SEC. 2981.  WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION OF PUBLIC LAND. “(a)  Withdrawal .— “(1)  Bombing ranges .— Subject to valid rights in existence on the date of enactment of this subtitle, and except as otherwise provided in this subtitle, the land established as the B–16, B–17, B–19, and B–20 Ranges, as referred to in subsection (b), and all other areas within the boundary of such land as depicted on the map entitled ‘Churchill County Proposed Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization and Lands Bill’ and dated November 30, 2022, which may become subject to the operation of the public land laws, are withdrawn from all forms of— “(A)  entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; 
 “(B)  location, entry, and patent under the mining laws; and 
 “(C)  disposition under all laws relating to mineral and geothermal leasing or mineral materials. 
 
 “(2)  Dixie valley training area .— The land and interests in land within the boundaries established at the Dixie Valley Training Area, as referred to in subsection (b), are withdrawn from all forms of— “(A)  entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws; and 
 “(B)  location, entry, and patent under the mining laws. 
 
 
 “(b)  Description of Land .— The public land and interests in land withdrawn and reserved by this section comprise approximately 790,825 acres of land in Churchill County, Lyon County, Mineral County, Pershing County, and Nye County, Nevada, as generally depicted as ‘Proposed FRTC Modernization’ and ‘Existing Navy Withdrawal Areas’ on the map entitled ‘Churchill County Proposed Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization and Lands Bill’, dated November 30, 2022, and filed in accordance with section 2912. The ranges in the Fallon Range Training Complex described in this subsection are identified as B–16, B–17, B–19, B–20, Dixie Valley Training Area and the Shoal Site. 
 “(c)  Purpose of Withdrawal and Reservation .— “(1)  Bombing ranges .— The land withdrawn by subsection (a)(1) is reserved for use by the Secretary of the Navy for— “(A)  aerial testing and training, bombing, missile firing, electronic warfare, tactical combat maneuvering, and air support; 
 “(B)  ground combat tactical maneuvering and firing; and 
 “(C)  other defense-related purposes that are— “(i)  consistent with the purposes specified in the preceding paragraphs; and 
 “(ii)  authorized under section 2914. 
 
 
 “(2)  Dixie valley training area .— The land withdrawn by subsection (a)(2) is reserved for use by the Secretary of the Navy for— “(A)  aerial testing and training, electronic warfare, tactical combat maneuvering, and air support; and 136 STAT. 3017 
 “(B)  ground combat tactical maneuvering. 
 
 
 “(d)  Inapplicability of General Provisions .— Notwithstanding section 2911(a) and except as otherwise provided in this subtitle, sections 2913 and 2914 shall not apply to the land withdrawn by subsection (a)(2).