SEC. 2907.  LAND CONVEYANCES AND EXCHANGES. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  City .— The term “ City ” means the city of Fallon, Nevada. 
 (2)  Public purpose .— The term “ public purpose ” includes any of the following: (A)  The construction and operation of a new fire station for Churchill County, Nevada. 
 (B)  The operation or expansion of an existing wastewater treatment facility for Churchill County, Nevada. 
 (C)  The operation or expansion of existing gravel pits and rock quarries of Churchill County, Nevada. 
 (D)  The operation or expansion of an existing City landfill. 
 
 
 (b)  Public Purpose Conveyances .— (1)  In general .— Notwithstanding section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 ( 43 U.S.C. 1712 ), the Secretary of the Interior shall convey, subject to valid existing rights and paragraph (2), for no consideration, all right, title, and interest of the United States in approximately 6,892 acres of Federal land to Churchill County, Nevada, and 212 acres of land to the City identified as “Public Purpose Conveyances to Churchill County and City of Fallon” on the map entitled “Churchill County Proposed Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization and Lands Bill” and dated November 30, 2022. 136 STAT. 3045 
 (2)  Use .— Churchill County, Nevada, and the City shall use the Federal land conveyed under paragraph (1) for public purposes and the construction and operation of public recreational facilities. 
 (3)  Reversionary interest .— If a parcel of Federal land conveyed to Churchill County, Nevada, under paragraph (1) ceases to be used for public recreation or other public purposes consistent with the Act of June 14, 1926 (commonly known as the “Recreation and Public Purposes Act”;  43 U.S.C. 869 et seq. ), the parcel of Federal land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary of the Interior, revert to the United States. 
 (4)  Gravel pit and rock quarry access .— Churchill County, Nevada, shall provide at no cost to the Department of the Interior access to and use of any existing gravel pits and rock quarries conveyed to Churchill County, Nevada, under this section. 
 
 (c)  Exchange .— The Secretary of the Interior shall seek to enter into an agreement for an exchange with Churchill County, Nevada, for the land identified as “Churchill County Conveyance to the Department of Interior” in exchange for the land administered by the Secretary of the Interior identified as “Department of Interior Conveyance to Churchill County” on the map entitled “Churchill County Proposed Fallon Range Training Complex Modernization and Lands Bill” and dated November 30, 2022.