SEC. 2908.  CHECKERBOARD RESOLUTION. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of the Interior, in consultation with Churchill County, Nevada, and landowners in Churchill County, Nevada, and after providing an opportunity for public comment, shall seek to consolidate Federal land and non-Federal land ownership in Churchill County, Nevada. 
 (b)  Land Exchanges .— (1)  Land exchange authority .— To the extent practicable, the Secretary of the Interior shall offer to exchange land identified for exchange under paragraph (3) for private land in Churchill County, Nevada, that is adjacent to Federal land in Churchill County, Nevada, if the exchange would consolidate land ownership and facilitate improved land management in Churchill County, Nevada, as determined by the Secretary of the Interior. 
 (2)  Applicable law .— Except as otherwise provided in this section, a land exchange under this section shall be conducted in accordance with— (A)  section 206 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 ( 43 U.S.C. 1716 ); and 
 (B)  any other applicable law. 
 
 (3)  Identification of federal land for exchange .— The Secretary of the Interior shall identify appropriate Federal land in Churchill County, Nevada, to offer for exchange from Federal land identified as potentially suitable for disposal in an applicable resource management plan and managed by— (A)  the Commissioner of Reclamation; or 
 (B)  the Director of the Bureau of Land Management. 
 
 
 (c)  Equal Value Land Exchanges .— (1)  In general .— Land to be exchanged under this section shall be of equal value, based on appraisals prepared in accordance with— 136 STAT. 3046 (A)  the Uniform Standards for Professional Land Acquisitions; and 
 (B)  the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. 
 
 (2)  Use of mass appraisals .— (A)  In general .— Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary of the Interior may use a mass appraisal to determine the value of land to be exchanged under this section, if the Secretary of the Interior determines that the land to be subject to the mass appraisal is of similar character and value. 
 (B)  Exclusion .— The Secretary of the Interior shall exclude from a mass appraisal under subparagraph (A) any land, the value of which is likely to exceed $250 per acre, as determined by the Secretary of the Interior. 
 (C)  Public information. Availability .— The Secretary of the Interior shall make the results of a mass appraisal conducted under subparagraph (A) available to the public. 
 
 
 (d)  Funding Eligibility .— Section 4(e)(3)(A) of the Southern Nevada Public Land Management Act of 1998 ( Public Law 105–263 ;  31 U.S.C. 6901 note )  is amended — (1)  in clause (iv) by  inserting  “ Churchill, ” after “ Lincoln, ”; 
 (2)  in clause (x) by  striking  “ Nevada; and ” and  inserting  “ Nevada; ”; 
 (3)  in clause (xi) by  striking  “ paragraph (2)(A). ” and  inserting  “ paragraph (2)(A); and ”; and 
 (4)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(xii)  reimbursement of costs incurred by the Secretary in the identification, implementation, and consolidation of Federal and non-Federal lands in Churchill County in accordance with section 2908 of division B of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023.” 
 .