“SEC. 207.  16 USC 6406 . BLOCK GRANTS. “(a)  In General .— In each fiscal year beginning in fiscal year 2023 and subject to the availability of appropriations, the Administrator shall provide block grants of financial assistance of not less than $500,000 to each covered State to support management and restoration activities and further the implementation of coral reef action plans in effect under section 205 by covered States and non-Federal coral reef stewardship partnerships in accordance with this section.  Review. The Administrator shall review each covered State’s application for block grant funding to ensure that applications are consistent with applicable action plans and the National Coral Reef Resilience Strategy. 
 “(b)  Responsibilities of the Administrator .— The Administrator is responsible for— “(1)  providing guidance on the proper documentation of expenditures authorized under this Act; 
 “(2)  issuing annual solicitations to covered States for awards under this section; and 
 “(3)  determining the appropriate allocation of additional amounts among covered States in accordance with this section. 
 
 “(c)  Responsibilities of Covered States .— Each covered State is responsible for documenting and reporting— “(1)  such State’s use of Federal funds received under this Act; and 
 “(2)  such expenditures of non-Federal funds made in furtherance of coral reef management and restoration as the Administrator determines appropriate. 
 
 “(d)  Contracts. Cooperative Agreements .— Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Administrator may seek to enter into a cooperative agreement with a covered State to fund coral reef conservation and restoration activities in waters managed under the jurisdiction  136 STAT. 3939 
of such covered State that are consistent with the National Coral Reef Resilience Strategy and any applicable action plan under section 205. 
 “(e)  All Islands Committee .— The Administrator may enter into a cooperative agreement with the All Islands Committee of the Task Force to provide support for its activities.