SEC. 217.  Deadlines. 10 USC note  prec. 9531. COMPETITIVELY AWARDED DEMONSTRATIONS AND TESTS OF ELECTROMAGNETIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY. (a)  Determination. Demonstrations and Tests Required .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office, in coordination with the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, shall select one or more qualified entities under competitive processes to conduct demonstrations and tests of commercial electronics technology to determine whether technology currently exists that could enable the following electromagnetic warfare capabilities: (1)  The operation of multiple emitters and receivers in the same frequency at the same time and in the same location without mutual interference and without using adaptive beam forming or nulling. 
 (2)  Protecting the reception of Global Positioning System and other vulnerable low-power signals from multiple high-power jammers at a level that is significantly better than  136 STAT. 2475 
the protection afforded by controlled reception pattern antennas. 
 (3)  Simultaneous transmission from and reception of separate signals on the same platform wherein the signals lie in the same frequency and are transmitted and received at the same time without interference. 
 (4)  Capabilities similar those described in paragraphs (1) through (3) in a live, virtual constructive simulation environment. 
 (5)  Other capabilities that might satisfy or support needs set forth in the Electromagnetic Spectrum Superiority Strategy Implementation Plan released on August 5, 2021. 
 
 (b)  Oversight of Tests .— The Director of Operational Test and Evaluation shall— (1)  provide oversight of the demonstrations and tests required by subsection (a); 
 (2)  Review. review other applicable government or commercial demonstrations and tests; and 
 (3)  not later than 30 days after the completion of the demonstrations and tests under subsection (a), advise the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment of the outcomes of the demonstrations and tests. 
 
 (c)  Briefings. Outcome-based Actions Required .— If the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation and the Director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office affirm that the demonstrations and tests under subsection (a) confirm that certain commercial electronics technology could enable one or more of the capabilities described in such subsection— (1)  not later than 45 days after the conclusion of the tests under subsection (a), the Director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office and the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation shall jointly provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the outcomes of the tests; 
 (2)  the Director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office may begin engineering form, fit, and function development and integration to incorporate technologies demonstrated and tested under subsection (a) into specific Department of Defense platforms and applications; and 
 (3)  Plans. not later than 90 days after the conclusion of the tests under subsection (a), the Director of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office, the Chief Information Officer, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall jointly provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on any plans of the Department of Defense to further develop and deploy the technologies demonstrated and tested under subsection (a) to support the Electromagnetic Spectrum Superiority Strategy Implementation Plan released on August 5, 2021. 
 
 (d)  Competitiveness Requirements .— A decision to commit, obligate, or expend funds for the purposes outlined in this section shall be based on merit-based selection procedures in accordance with the requirements of sections 3201(e) and 4024 of  title 10, United States Code , or on competitive procedures. 136 STAT. 2476 
 (e)  Commercial Electronics Technology Defined .— The term “ commercial electronics technology ” means electronics technology that is— (1)  a commercial component (as defined in  section 102 of title 41, United States Code ); 
 (2)  a commercial product (as defined in section 103 such title); 
 (3)  a commercial service (as defined in section 103a of such title); or 
 (4)  a commercially available off-the-shelf item (as defined in section 104 of such title).