“SEC. 204.  16 USC 6403 . NATIONAL CORAL REEF RESILIENCE STRATEGY. “(a)  In General .— The Administrator shall— “(1)  Deadline. not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023, develop a national coral reef resilience strategy; and 
 “(2)  Review. Revision. Time periods. review and revise the strategy— “(A)  not less frequently than once every 15 years; 
 “(B)  not less frequently than once every 5 years, in the case of guidance on best practices under subsection (b)(4); and 
 “(C)  as appropriate. 
 
 
 “(b)  Elements .— The strategy required by subsection (a) shall include the following: 136 STAT. 3934 “(1)  A discussion addressing— “(A)  continuing and emerging threats to the resilience of United States coral reef ecosystems; 
 “(B)  remaining gaps in coral reef ecosystem research, monitoring, and assessment; 
 “(C)  the status of management cooperation and integration among Federal reef managers and covered reef managers; 
 “(D)  the status of efforts to manage and disseminate critical information, and enhance interjurisdictional data sharing, related to research, reports, data sets, and maps; 
 “(E)  areas of special focus, which may include— “(i)  improving natural coral recruitment; 
 “(ii)  preventing avoidable losses of corals and their habitat; 
 “(iii)  enhancing the resilience of coral populations; 
 “(iv)  supporting a resilience-based management approach; 
 “(v)  developing, coordinating, and implementing watershed management plans; 
 “(vi)  building and sustaining watershed management capacity at the local level; 
 “(vii)  providing data essential for coral reef fisheries management; 
 “(viii)  building capacity for coral reef fisheries management; 
 “(ix)  increasing understanding of coral reef ecosystem services; 
 “(x)  educating the public on the importance of coral reefs, threats and solutions; and 
 “(xi)  evaluating intervention efficacy; 
 
 “(F)  the status of conservation efforts, including the use of marine protected areas to serve as replenishment zones developed consistent with local practices and traditions and in cooperation with, and with respect for the scientific, technical, and management expertise and responsibilities of, covered reef managers; 
 “(G)  science-based adaptive management and restoration efforts; and 
 “(H)  management of coral reef emergencies and disasters. 
 
 “(2)  Statement. A statement of national goals and objectives designed to guide— “(A)  future Federal coral reef management and restoration activities authorized under section 203; 
 “(B)  conservation and restoration priorities for grants awarded under section 211; and 
 “(C)  research priorities for the reef research coordination institutes designated under section 213(b)(1)(B). 
 
 “(3)  A designation of priority areas for conservation, and priority areas for restoration, to support the review and approval of grants under section 211(e). 
 “(4)  Technical assistance in the form of general templates for use by covered reef managers and Federal reef managers to guide the development of coral reef action plans under section 205, including guidance on the best science-based practices  136 STAT. 3935 
to respond to coral reef emergencies that can be included in coral reef action plans. 
 
 “(c)  Consultations .— In developing all elements of the strategy required by subsection (a), the Administrator shall— “(1)  consult with the Secretary of the Interior, the Task Force, covered States, and covered Native entities; 
 “(2)  consult with the Secretary of Defense, as appropriate; 
 “(3)  engage stakeholders, including covered States, coral reef stewardship partnerships, reef research institutes and research centers described in section 213, and recipients of grants under section 211; and 
 “(4)  Public comments. solicit public review and comment regarding scoping and the draft strategy. 
 
 “(d)  Submission to Congress; Publication .— The Administrator shall— “(1)  submit the strategy required by subsection (a) and any revisions to the strategy to the appropriate congressional committees; and 
 “(2)  Public information. Web posting. publish the strategy and any such revisions on public websites of— “(A)  the Coral Reef Conservation Program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and 
 “(B)  the Task Force.