“SEC. 212.  16 USC 6411 . CORAL REEF RESEARCH. “(a)  Reef Research Coordination Institutes .— “(1)  Designation. Establishment .— The Administrator shall designate 2 reef research coordination institutes for the purpose of advancing and sustaining essential capabilities in coral reef research, one each in the Atlantic and Pacific basins, to be known as the ‘Atlantic Reef Research Coordination Institute’ and the ‘Pacific Reef Research Coordination Institute’, respectively. 
 “(2)  Membership .— Each institute designated under paragraph (1) shall be housed within a single coral reef research center designated by the Administrator under subsection (b). 
 “(3)  Functions .— The institutes designated under paragraph (1) shall— “(A)  conduct federally directed research to fill national and regional coral reef ecosystem research gaps and improve understanding of, and responses to, continuing and emerging threats to the resilience of United States  136 STAT. 3946 
coral reef ecosystems consistent with the National Coral Reef Resilience Strategy; 
 “(B)  support ecological research and monitoring to study the effects of conservation and restoration activities funded by this title on promoting more effective coral reef management and restoration; and 
 “(C)  through agreements— “(i)  collaborate directly with States, covered Native entities, covered coral reef managers, nonprofit organizations, and other coral reef research centers designated under subsection (b); 
 “(ii)  assist in the development and implementation of— “(I)  the National Coral Reef Resilience Strategy; and 
 “(II)  coral reef action plans under section 205; 
 
 “(iii)  build capacity within non-Federal governmental resource management agencies to establish research priorities and translate and apply research findings to management and restoration practices; and 
 “(iv)  conduct public education and awareness programs for policymakers, resource managers, and the general public on— “(I)  coral reefs and coral reef ecosystems; 
 “(II)  best practices for coral reef ecosystem management and restoration; 
 “(III)  the value of coral reefs; and 
 “(IV)  the threats to the sustainability of coral reef ecosystems. 
 
 
 
 
 “(b)  Coral Reef Research Centers .— “(1)  In general .— The Administrator shall— “(A)  periodically solicit applications for designation of qualifying institutions in covered States as coral reef research centers; and 
 “(B)  Designations. designate all qualifying institutions in covered States as coral reef research centers. 
 
 “(2)  Determinations. Qualifying institutions .— For purposes of paragraph (1), an institution is a qualifying institution if the Administrator determines that the institution— “(A)  is operated by an institution of higher education or nonprofit marine research organization; 
 “(B)  has established management-driven national or regional coral reef research or restoration programs; 
 “(C)  has demonstrated abilities to coordinate closely with appropriate Federal and State agencies, and other academic and nonprofit organizations; and 
 “(D)  maintains significant local community engagement and outreach programs related to coral reef ecosystems.