SEC. 220.  10 USC note  prec. 3241. GOVERNMENT-INDUSTRY-ACADEMIA WORKING GROUP ON MICROELECTRONICS. (a)  Establishment and Designation .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a working group to facilitate coordination among industry, academia, and the Department of Defense on issues of mutual interest relating to microelectronics as described in subsection (c). 
 (2)  Designation .— The working group established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the “Government-Industry-Academia Working Group on Microelectronics” (referred to in this section as the “Working Group”). 
 
 (b)  Composition .— The Working Group shall be composed of representatives of organizations and elements of the Department of Defense, industry, and academia. 
 (c)  Scope .— The Secretary shall ensure that the Working Group supports dialogue and coordination among industry, academia, and the Department of Defense on the following issues relating to microelectronics: (1)  Research needs. 
 (2)  Infrastructure needs and shortfalls. 
 (3)  Technical and process standards. 
 (4)  Training and certification needs for the workforce. 
 (5)  Supply chain issues. 
 (6)  Supply chain, manufacturing, and packaging security. 
 (7)  Technology transition issues and opportunities. 
 
 (d)  Deadline. Charter and Policies .— Not later than March 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a charter and issue policies for the functioning of the Working Group. 
 (e)  Administrative Support .— The joint federation of capabilities established under section 937 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 ( Public Law 113–66 ;  10 U.S.C. 2224 note ) shall provide administrative support to the Working Group. 
 (f)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to allow the Department of Defense to provide any competitive advantage to any participant in the Working Group. 
 (g)  Sunset .— The provisions of this section shall terminate on December 31, 2030.