SEC. 218.  ADMINISTRATION OF THE ADVANCED SENSOR APPLICATIONS PROGRAM. (a)  Resource Sponsors .— (1)  In general .— The Commander of Naval Air Systems Command and the Director of Air Warfare shall jointly serve as the resource sponsors for the Advanced Sensor Applications Program (commonly known as “ASAP” and in this section referred to as the “Program”). 
 (2)  Responsibilities .— The resource sponsors of the Program shall be responsible for the following: (A)  Developing budget requests relating to the Program. 
 (B)  Establishing priorities for the Program. 
 (C)  Approving the execution of funding and projects for the Program. 
 (D)  Coordination and joint planning with external stakeholders in matters relating to the Program. 
 
 
 (b)  Limitations .— Only the Secretary of the Navy, the Under Secretary of the Navy, and the Commander of Naval Air Systems Command may— (1)  provide direction and management for the Program; 
 (2)  set priorities for the Program; 
 (3)  regulate or limit the information available or accessible to the Program; 
 (4)  edit reports or findings generated under the Program; or 
 (5)  coordinate and manage interactions of the Program with external stakeholders. 
 
 (c)  Authority for Program Manager .— The program manager for the Program may access, consider, act on, and apply information, at all levels of classification and from all sources and organizations, that is pertinent to the projects and activities that the Program is executing, or considering proposing for the future. 
 (d)  Quarterly Briefings .— Not less frequently than once every three months, the program manager for the Program shall provide to the congressional defense committees and congressional intelligence committees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 )) a briefing on all aspects of the Program, including on the status of— (1)  the implementation of this section; 
 (2)  the implementation of other congressional directives relating to the Program; and 
 (3)  any direction and oversight of the Program exercised by the Commander of Naval Air Systems Command, the Secretary of the Navy, or the Under Secretary of the Navy. 136 STAT. 2477 
 
 (e)  Strategic Relationship .— The program manager for the Program shall evaluate the feasibility and advisability of establishing a strategic relationship with the Naval Research Laboratory pursuant to which the Laboratory provides scientific and technical assistance and support for the Program. 
 (f)  Use of Assets .— The Commander of Naval Air Systems Command shall take all actions the Commander considers reasonable— (1)  to enable the Program to use assets controlled within the Naval Air Systems Command enterprise, including sensor systems and platforms; and 
 (2)  to pursue the use of other assets that may further the mission of the Program. 
 
 (g)  Termination .— This section shall have no force or effect after September 30, 2027.