SEC. 2.  ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. (a)  Divisions .— This Act is organized into 11 divisions as follows: (1)  Division A—Department of Defense Authorizations. 
 (2)  Division B—Military Construction Authorizations. 
 (3)  Division C—Department of Energy National Security Authorizations and Other Authorizations. 
 (4)  Division D—Funding Tables. 
 (5)  Division E—Non-Department of Defense Matters. 
 (6)  Division F—Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023. 
 (7)  Division G—Homeland Security. 
 (8)  Division H—Water Resources. 
 (9)  Division I—Department of State Authorizations. 
 (10)  Division J—Oceans and Atmosphere. 
 (11)  Division K—Don Young Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2022. 
 
 (b)  Table of Contents .— The table of contents for this Act is as follows: 
 
 Sec. 1.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 2.  
 Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents. 
 
 Sec. 3.  
 Congressional defense committees. 
 
 Sec. 4.  
 Budgetary effects of this Act. 
 
 Sec. 5.  
 Explanatory statement. 
 
 DIVISION A— 
 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS 
 
 TITLE I— 
 PROCUREMENT 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Authorization of Appropriations 
 
 Sec. 101.  
 Authorization of appropriations. 136 STAT. 2396 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Army Programs 
 
 Sec. 111.  
 Limitations on production of Extended Range Cannon Artillery howitzers. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Navy Programs 
 
 Sec. 121.  
 Requirements relating to EA–18G aircraft of the Navy. 
 
 Sec. 122.  
 Navy shipbuilding workforce development special incentive. 
 
 Sec. 123.  
 Extension of prohibition on availability of funds for Navy port waterborne security barriers. 
 
 Sec. 124.  
 Limitation on authority to modify capabilities and fleet configuration of E–6B aircraft. 
 
 Sec. 125.  
 Multiyear procurement authority for Arleigh Burke class destroyers. 
 
 Sec. 126.  
 Procurement authority for Ship-to-Shore Connector program. 
 
 Sec. 127.  
 Procurement authority for CH–53K heavy lift helicopter program. 
 
 Sec. 128.  
 Procurement authorities for John Lewis-class fleet replenishment oiler ships. 
 
 Sec. 129.  
 Procurement authorities for certain amphibious shipbuilding programs. 
 
 Sec. 130.  
 Contracts for design and construction of the DDG(X) destroyer program. 
 
 Sec. 131.  
 Tomahawk and Standard Missile–6 capability on FFG–62 class vessels. 
 
 Sec. 132.  
 Report on advance procurement for CVN–82 and CVN–83. 
 
 Sec. 133.  
 Quarterly briefings on the CH–53K King Stallion helicopter program. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Air Force Programs 
 
 Sec. 141.  
 Modification of inventory requirements for aircraft of the combat air forces. 
 
 Sec. 142.  
 Inventory and other requirements relating to air refueling tanker aircraft. 
 
 Sec. 143.  
 Requirements relating to F–22 aircraft. 
 
 Sec. 144.  
 Modification of exception to prohibition on certain reductions to B–1 bomber aircraft squadrons. 
 
 Sec. 145.  
 Repeal of Air Force E–8C force presentation requirement. 
 
 Sec. 146.  
 Minimum inventory of C–130 aircraft. 
 
 Sec. 147.  
 Prohibition on availability of funds for retirement of C–40 aircraft. 
 
 Sec. 148.  
 Prohibition on availability of funds for termination of production lines for HH–60W aircraft. 
 
 Sec. 149.  
 Prohibition on certain reductions to inventory of E–3 airborne warning and control system aircraft. 
 
 Sec. 150.  
 Limitation on divestment of F–15 aircraft. 
 
 Sec. 151.  
 Authority to procure upgraded ejection seats for certain T–38A aircraft. 
 
 Sec. 152.  
 Procurement authority for digital mission operations platform for the Space Force. 
 
 Sec. 153.  
 Digital transformation commercial software acquisition. 
 
 Sec. 154.  
 Requirements study and strategy for the combat search and rescue mission of the Air Force. 
 
 Sec. 155.  
 Plan for transfer of KC–135 aircraft to the Air National Guard. 
 
 Sec. 156.  
 Annual reports on T–7A Advanced Pilot Training System. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters 
 
 Sec. 161.  
 Increase in Air Force and Navy use of used commercial dual-use parts in certain aircraft and engines. 
 
 Sec. 162.  
 Assessment and strategy for fielding capabilities to counter threats posed by unmanned aerial system swarms. 
 
 Sec. 163.  
 Assessment and report on military rotary wing aircraft industrial base. 
 
 Sec. 164.  
 Comptroller General audit of efforts to modernize the propulsion, power, and thermal management systems of F–35 aircraft. 
 
 TITLE II— 
 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Authorization of Appropriations 
 
 Sec. 201.  
 Authorization of appropriations. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations 
 
 Sec. 211.  
 Modification of cooperative research and development project authority. 
 
 Sec. 212.  
 Clarification of role of senior official with principal responsibility for artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
 
 Sec. 213.  
 Inclusion of Office of Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering in personnel management authority to attract experts in science and engineering. 
 
 Sec. 214.  
 Modification of limitation on cancellation of designation of Executive Agent for a certain Defense Production Act program. 
 
 Sec. 215.  
 Support for research and development of bioindustrial manufacturing processes. 136 STAT. 2397 
 
 Sec. 216.  
 Air-breathing and rocket booster testing capacity upgrades to support critical hypersonic weapons development. 
 
 Sec. 217.  
 Competitively awarded demonstrations and tests of electromagnetic warfare technology. 
 
 Sec. 218.  
 Administration of the Advanced Sensor Applications Program. 
 
 Sec. 219.  
 Quantifiable assurance capability for security of microelectronics. 
 
 Sec. 220.  
 Government-Industry-Academia Working Group on Microelectronics. 
 
 Sec. 221.  
 Target date for deployment of 5G wireless broadband infrastructure at all military installations. 
 
 Sec. 222.  
 Outreach to historically Black colleges and universities and other minority-serving institutions regarding National Security Innovation Network programs that promote entrepreneurship and innovation at institutions of higher education. 
 
 Sec. 223.  
 Report and pilot program based on recommendations regarding defense research capacity at historically Black colleges and universities and other minority-serving institutions. 
 
 Sec. 224.  
 Pilot program to support the development of patentable inventions in the Department of the Navy. 
 
 Sec. 225.  
 Pilot program to facilitate the development of battery technologies for warfighters. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Plans, Reports, and Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 231.  
 Modification to annual reports of the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation. 
 
 Sec. 232.  
 Extension of requirement for quarterly briefings on strategy for fifth generation information and communications technologies. 
 
 Sec. 233.  
 Plan for investments to support the development of novel processing approaches for defense applications. 
 
 Sec. 234.  
 Plans to accelerate the transition to 5G information and communications technology within the military departments. 
 
 Sec. 235.  
 Plan for Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency Innovation Fellowship Program. 
 
 Sec. 236.  
 Strategy and plan for fostering and strengthening the defense innovation ecosystem. 
 
 Sec. 237.  
 Assessment and strategy relating to hypersonic testing capacity of the Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 238.  
 Annual report on studies and reports of federally funded research and development centers. 
 
 Sec. 239.  
 Report on recommendations from Army Futures Command Research Program Realignment Study. 
 
 Sec. 240.  
 Report on potential for increased utilization of the Electronic Proving Grounds testing range. 
 
 Sec. 241.  
 Study on costs associated with underperforming software and information technology. 
 
 Sec. 242.  
 Study and report on sufficiency of operational test and evaluation resources supporting certain major defense acquisition programs. 
 
 TITLE III— 
 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Authorization of Appropriations 
 
 Sec. 301.  
 Authorization of appropriations. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Energy and Environment 
 
 Sec. 311.  
 Center for Excellence in Environmental Security. 
 
 Sec. 312.  
 Participation in pollutant banks and water quality trading. 
 
 Sec. 313.  
 Consideration under Defense Environmental Restoration Program for State-owned facilities of the National Guard with proven exposure of hazardous substances and waste. 
 
 Sec. 314.  
 Renewal of annual environmental and energy reports of Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 315.  
 Aggregation of energy conservation measures and funding. 
 
 Sec. 316.  
 Additional special considerations for energy performance goals and energy performance master plan. 
 
 Sec. 317.  
 Purchase or lease of electric, zero emission, advanced-biofuel-powered, or hydrogen-powered vehicles for the Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 318.  
 Clarification and requirement for Department of Defense relating to renewable biomass and biogas. 
 
 Sec. 319.  
 Programs of military departments on reduction of fuel reliance and promotion of energy-aware behaviors. 
 
 Sec. 320.  
 Establishment of joint working group to determine joint requirements for future operational energy needs of Department of Defense. 136 STAT. 2398 
 
 Sec. 321.  
 Amendment to budgeting of Department of Defense relating to extreme weather. 
 
 Sec. 322.  
 Prototype and demonstration projects for energy resilience at certain military installations. 
 
 Sec. 323.  
 Pilot program for development of electric vehicle charging solutions to mitigate grid stress. 
 
 Sec. 324.  
 Pilot program on use of sustainable aviation fuel. 
 
 Sec. 325.  
 Policy to increase disposition of spent advanced batteries through recycling. 
 
 Sec. 326.  
 Guidance and target goal relating to formerly used defense sites programs. 
 
 Sec. 327.  
 Analysis and plan for addressing heat island effect on military installations. 
 
 Sec. 328.  
 Limitation on replacement of non-tactical vehicle fleet of Department of Defense with electric vehicles, advanced-biofuel-powered vehicles, or hydrogen-powered vehicles. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility 
 
 Sec. 331.  
 Defueling of Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility. 
 
 Sec. 332.  
 Authorization of closure of underground storage tank system at Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility. 
 
 Sec. 333.  
 Report on bulk fuel requirements applicable to United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 
 Sec. 334.  
 Placement of sentinel or monitoring wells in proximity to Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility. 
 
 Sec. 335.  
 Studies relating to water needs of the Armed Forces on Oahu. 
 
 Sec. 336.  
 Study on alternative uses for Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility. 
 
 Sec. 337.  
 Briefing on Department of Defense efforts to track health implications of fuel leaks at Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Treatment of Perfluoroalkyl Substances and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances 
 
 Sec. 341.  
 Department of Defense research relating to perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
 
 Sec. 342.  
 Increase of transfer authority for funding of study and assessment on health implications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances contamination in drinking water by Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry. 
 
 Sec. 343.  
 Prizes for development of non-PFAS-containing turnout gear. 
 
 Sec. 344.  
 Modification of limitation on disclosure of results of testing for perfluoroalkyl or polyfluoroalkyl substances on private property. 
 
 Sec. 345.  
 Restriction on procurement or purchasing by Department of Defense of turnout gear for firefighters containing perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
 
 Sec. 346.  
 Annual report on PFAS contamination at certain military installations from sources other than aqueous film-forming foam. 
 
 Sec. 347.  
 Report on critical PFAS uses; briefings on Department of Defense procurement of certain items containing PFOS or PFOA. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Logistics and Sustainment 
 
 Sec. 351.  
 Resources required for achieving materiel readiness metrics and objectives for major defense acquisition programs. 
 
 Sec. 352.  
 Annual plan for maintenance and modernization of naval vessels. 
 
 Sec. 353.  
 Inclusion of information regarding joint medical estimates in readiness reports. 
 
 Sec. 354.  
 Inapplicability of advance billing dollar limitation for relief efforts following major disasters or emergencies. 
 
 Sec. 355.  
 Repeal of Comptroller General review on time limitations on duration of public-private competitions. 
 
 Sec. 356.  
 Implementation of Comptroller General recommendations regarding Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization Plan of the Navy. 
 
 Sec. 357.  
 Limitation on availability of funds for military information support operations. 
 
 Sec. 358.  
 Notification of modification to policy regarding retention rates for Navy ship repair contracts. 
 
 Sec. 359.  
 Research and analysis on capacity of private shipyards in United States and effect of those shipyards on Naval fleet readiness. 
 
 Sec. 360.  
 Independent study relating to fuel distribution logistics across United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 
 Sec. 361.  
 Quarterly briefings on expenditures for establishment of fuel distribution points in United States Indo-Pacific Command area of responsibility. 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Matters Relating to Depots and Ammunition Production Facilities 
 
 Sec. 371.  
 Budgeting for depot and ammunition production facility maintenance and repair: annual report. 136 STAT. 2399 
 
 Sec. 372.  
 Extension of authorization of depot working capital funds for unspecified minor military construction. 
 
 Sec. 373.  
 Five-year plans for improvements to depot and ammunition production facility infrastructure. 
 
 Sec. 374.  
 Modification to minimum capital investment for certain depots. 
 
 Sec. 375.  
 Continuation of requirement for biennial report on core depot-level maintenance and repair. 
 
 Sec. 376.  
 Continuation of requirement for annual report on funds expended for performance of depot-level maintenance and repair workloads. 
 
 Sec. 377.  
 Clarification of calculation for certain workload carryover of Department of the Army. 
 
 Subtitle G— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 381.  
 Annual reports by Deputy Secretary of Defense on activities of Joint Safety Council. 
 
 Sec. 382.  
 Accountability for Department of Defense contractors using military working dogs. 
 
 Sec. 383.  
 Membership of Coast Guard on Joint Safety Council. 
 
 Sec. 384.  
 Inclusion in report on unfunded priorities National Guard responsibilities in connection with natural and man-made disasters. 
 
 Sec. 385.  
 Support for training of National Guard personnel on wildfire prevention and response. 
 
 Sec. 386.  
 Interagency collaboration and extension of pilot program on military working dogs and explosives detection. 
 
 Sec. 387.  
 Amendment to the Sikes Act. 
 
 Sec. 388.  
 National standards for Federal fire protection at military installations. 
 
 Sec. 389.  
 Pilot programs for tactical vehicle safety data collection. 
 
 Sec. 390.  
 Requirements relating to reduction of out-of-pocket costs of members of the Armed Forces for uniform items. 
 
 Sec. 391.  
 Implementation of recommendations relating to animal facility sanitation and plan for housing and care of horses. 
 
 Sec. 392.  
 Continued designation of Secretary of the Navy as executive agent for Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School. 
 
 Sec. 393.  
 Prohibition on use of funds for retirement of legacy maritime mine countermeasures platforms. 
 
 TITLE IV— 
 MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATION 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Active Forces 
 
 Sec. 401.  
 End strengths for active forces. 
 
 Sec. 402.  
 End strength level matters. 
 
 Sec. 403.  
 Additional authority to vary Space Force end strength. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Reserve Forces 
 
 Sec. 411.  
 End strengths for Selected Reserve. 
 
 Sec. 412.  
 End strengths for reserves on active duty in support of the Reserves. 
 
 Sec. 413.  
 End strengths for military technicians (dual status). 
 
 Sec. 414.  
 Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active duty for operational support. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Authorization of Appropriations 
 
 Sec. 421.  
 Military personnel. 
 
 TITLE V— 
 MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Officer Personnel Policy 
 
 Sec. 501.  
 Authorized strengths for Space Force officers on active duty in grades of major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel. 
 
 Sec. 502.  
 Distribution of commissioned officers on active duty in general officer and flag officer grades. 
 
 Sec. 503.  
 Redistribution of Naval officers serving on active duty in the grades of O-8 and O-9. 
 
 Sec. 504.  
 Authorized strength after December 31, 2022: general officers and flag officers on active duty. 
 
 Sec. 505.  
 Extension of grade retention for certain officers awaiting retirement. 
 
 Sec. 506.  
 Exclusion of officers serving as lead special trial counsel from limitations on authorized strengths for general and flag officers. 
 
 Sec. 507.  
 Constructive service credit for certain officers of the Armed Forces. 
 
 Sec. 508.  
 Improvements to the selection of warrant officers in the military departments for promotion. 
 
 Sec. 509.  
 Advice and consent requirement for waivers of mandatory retirement for Superintendents of military service academies. 136 STAT. 2400 
 
 Sec. 509A.  
 Modification of reports on Air Force personnel performing duties of a Nuclear and Missile Operations Officer (13N). 
 
 Sec. 509B.  
 Assessments of staffing in the Office of the Secretary of Defense and other Department of Defense headquarters offices. 
 
 Sec. 509C.  
 GAO review of certain officer performance evaluations. 
 
 Sec. 509D.  
 Study of chaplains. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Reserve Component Management 
 
 Sec. 511.  
 Inclusion of additional information on the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps in reports accompanying the national defense strategy. 
 
 Sec. 512.  
 Expansion of eligibility to serve as an instructor in the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
 
 Sec. 513.  
 Backdating of effective date of rank for reserve officers in the National Guard due to undue delays in Federal recognition. 
 
 Sec. 514.  
 Inspections of the National Guard. 
 
 Sec. 515.  
 Authority to waive requirement that performance of Active Guard and Reserve duty at the request of a Governor may not interfere with certain duties. 
 
 Sec. 516.  
 Continued National Guard support for FireGuard program. 
 
 Sec. 517.  
 Enhancement of National Guard Youth Challenge Program. 
 
 Sec. 518.  
 Notice to Congress before certain actions regarding units of certain reserve components. 
 
 Sec. 519.  
 Independent study on Federal recognition of National Guard officers. 
 
 Sec. 519A.  
 Review and update of report on geographic dispersion of Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
 
 Sec. 519B.  
 Briefing on duties of the Army Interagency Training and Education Center. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 General Service Authorities and Military Records 
 
 Sec. 521.  
 Consideration of adverse information by special selection review boards. 
 
 Sec. 522.  
 Expansion of eligibility for direct acceptance of gifts by members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense and Coast Guard employees and their families. 
 
 Sec. 523.  
 Limitation of extension of period of active duty for a member who accepts a fellowship, scholarship, or grant. 
 
 Sec. 524.  
 Expansion of mandatory characterizations of administrative discharges of certain members on the basis of failure to receive COVID-19 vaccine. 
 
 Sec. 525.  
 Rescission of COVID-19 vaccination mandate. 
 
 Sec. 526.  
 Temporary exemption from end strength grade restrictions for the Space Force. 
 
 Sec. 527.  
 Notification to next of kin upon the death of a member of the Armed Forces: study; update; training; report. 
 
 Sec. 528.  
 Gender-neutral fitness physical readiness standards for military occupational specialties of the Army. 
 
 Sec. 529.  
 Recurring report regarding COVID-19 mandate. 
 
 Sec. 530.  
 Sense of Congress regarding women involuntarily separated from the Armed Forces due to pregnancy or parenthood. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Recruitment and Retention 
 
 Sec. 531.  
 Treatment of personally identifiable information regarding prospective recruits. 
 
 Sec. 532.  
 Revival and extension of temporary authority for targeted recruitment incentives. 
 
 Sec. 533.  
 Report on recruiting efforts of certain Armed Forces. 
 
 Sec. 534.  
 Review of marketing and recruiting of the Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 535.  
 Report on Department of Defense recruitment advertising to racial and ethnic minority communities. 
 
 Sec. 536.  
 Improving oversight of military recruitment practices in public secondary schools. 
 
 Sec. 537.  
 Best practices for the retention of certain female members of the Armed Forces. 
 
 Sec. 538.  
 Review of certain personnel policies of special operations forces. 
 
 Sec. 539.  
 Support for members who perform duties regarding remotely piloted aircraft: study; report. 
 
 Sec. 539A.  
 Retention and recruitment of members of the Army who specialize in air and missile defense systems. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Military Justice and Other Legal Matters 
 
 Sec. 541.  
 Matters in connection with special trial counsel. 
 
 Sec. 542.  
 Technical corrections relating to special trial counsel. 
 
 Sec. 543.  
 Randomization of court-martial panels. 136 STAT. 2401 
 
 Sec. 544.  
 Jurisdiction of Courts of Criminal Appeals. 
 
 Sec. 545.  
 Special trial counsel of the Department of the Air Force. 
 
 Sec. 546.  
 Independent investigation of sexual harassment. 
 
 Sec. 547.  
 Primary prevention research agenda and workforce. 
 
 Sec. 548.  
 Limitation on availability of funds for relocation of Army CID special agent training course. 
 
 Sec. 549.  
 Review of titling and indexing practices of the Army and certain other organizations. 
 
 Sec. 549A.  
 Briefing and report on resourcing required for implementation of military justice reform. 
 
 Sec. 549B.  
 Report on sharing information with counsel for victims of offenses under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. 
 
 Sec. 549C.  
 Dissemination of civilian legal services information. 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Member Education 
 
 Sec. 551.  
 Authorization of certain support for military service academy foundations. 
 
 Sec. 552.  
 Individuals from the District of Columbia who may be considered for appointment to military service academies. 
 
 Sec. 553.  
 Agreement by a cadet or midshipman to play professional sport constitutes a breach of agreement to serve as an officer. 
 
 Sec. 554.  
 Naval Postgraduate School and United States Air Force Institute of Technology: terms of Provosts and Chief Academic Officers. 
 
 Sec. 555.  
 Naval Postgraduate School: attendance by enlisted members. 
 
 Sec. 556.  
 Modification of annual report on demographics of military service academy applicants. 
 
 Sec. 557.  
 Study and report on professional military education. 
 
 Sec. 558.  
 Report on treatment of China in curricula of professional military education. 
 
 Subtitle G— 
 Member Training and Transition 
 
 Sec. 561.  
 Codification of Skillbridge program. 
 
 Sec. 562.  
 Pilot program on remote personnel processing in the Army. 
 
 Sec. 563.  
 Annual report on members separating from active duty who file claims for disability benefits. 
 
 Sec. 564.  
 Female members of certain Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense in STEM. 
 
 Subtitle H— 
 Military Family Readiness and Dependents’ Education 
 
 Sec. 571.  
 Clarification and expansion of authorization of support for chaplain-led programs for members of the Armed Forces. 
 
 Sec. 572.  
 Pilot program to expand eligibility for enrollment at domestic dependent elementary and secondary schools: extension; report. 
 
 Sec. 573.  
 Commercial air waiver for next of kin regarding transportation of remains of casualties. 
 
 Sec. 574.  
 Certain assistance to local educational agencies that benefit dependents of military and civilian personnel. 
 
 Sec. 575.  
 Assistance to local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces with enrollment changes due to base closures, force structure changes, or force relocations. 
 
 Sec. 576.  
 Pilot program on hiring of special needs inclusion coordinators for Department of Defense child development centers. 
 
 Sec. 577.  
 Promotion of certain child care assistance. 
 
 Sec. 578.  
 Industry roundtable on military spouse hiring. 
 
 Sec. 579.  
 Recommendations for the improvement of the Military Interstate Children’s Compact. 
 
 Sec. 579A.  
 Feasibility of inclusion of au pairs in pilot program to provide financial assistance to members of the Armed Forces for in-home child care. 
 
 Sec. 579B.  
 Briefing on policies regarding single parents serving as members of the Armed Forces. 
 
 Sec. 579C.  
 Public reporting on certain military child care programs. 
 
 Sec. 579D.  
 Briefing on verification of eligible federally connected children for purposes of Federal impact aid programs. 
 
 Sec. 579E.  
 Sense of Congress on rights of parents of children attending schools operated by the Department of Defense Education Activity. 
 
 Subtitle I— 
 Decorations, Awards, and Other Honors 
 
 Sec. 581.  
 Clarification of procedure for boards for the correction of military records to review determinations regarding certain decorations. 
 
 Sec. 582.  
 Authorizations for certain awards. 
 
 Sec. 583.  
 Posthumous appointment of Ulysses S. Grant to grade of General of the Armies of the United States. 136 STAT. 2402 
 
 Sec. 584.  
 Enhanced information related to awarding of the Purple Heart. 
 
 Subtitle J— 
 Miscellaneous Reports and Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 591.  
 Report on non-citizen members of the Armed Forces. 
 
 Sec. 592.  
 Notification on manning of afloat naval forces: modifications; codification. 
 
 Sec. 593.  
 Clarification of authority of NCMAF to update Chaplains Hill at Arlington National Cemetery. 
 
 Sec. 594.  
 Disinterment of remains of Andrew Chabrol from Arlington National Cemetery. 
 
 Sec. 595.  
 Pilot program on safe storage of personally owned firearms. 
 
 Sec. 596.  
 Pilot program on car sharing on remote or isolated military installations. 
 
 Sec. 597.  
 Briefing on the effects of economic inflation on members of the Armed Forces. 
 
 Sec. 598.  
 Study on improvement of access to voting for members of the Armed Forces overseas. 
 
 Sec. 599.  
 Report on incidence of military suicides by military job code. 
 
 Sec. 599A.  
 Report on efforts to prevent and respond to deaths by suicide in the Navy. 
 
 Sec. 599B.  
 Report on officer personnel management and the development of the professional military ethic of the Space Force. 
 
 TITLE VI— 
 COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Bonus and Incentive Pays 
 
 Sec. 601.  
 One-year extension of certain expiring bonus and special pay authorities. 
 
 Sec. 602.  
 Increase to maximum amounts of certain bonus and special pay authorities. 
 
 Sec. 603.  
 Cold weather duty: authorization of assignment or special duty pay; travel allowance for members of the Armed Forces assigned to Alaska. 
 
 Sec. 604.  
 Air Force rated officer retention demonstration program. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Allowances Other Than Travel and Transportation Allowances 
 
 Sec. 611.  
 Increases in maximum allowable income for purposes of eligibility for basic needs allowance. 
 
 Sec. 612.  
 Extension of authority to temporarily adjust basic allowance for housing in certain areas. 
 
 Sec. 613.  
 Temporary continuation of rate of basic allowance for housing for members of the Armed Forces whose sole dependent dies while residing with the member. 
 
 Sec. 614.  
 Basic allowance for housing for members without dependents when home port change would financially disadvantage member. 
 
 Sec. 615.  
 Revival and redesignation of provision establishing benefits for certain members assigned to the Defense Intelligence Agency. 
 
 Sec. 616.  
 Extension of one-time uniform allowance for officers who transfer to the Space Force. 
 
 Sec. 617.  
 OCONUS cost of living allowance: adjustments; notice to certain congressional committees. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Travel and Transportation Allowances 
 
 Sec. 621.  
 Allowable travel and transportation allowances: complex overhaul. 
 
 Sec. 622.  
 Expansion of authority to reimburse a member of the uniformed services for spousal business costs arising from a permanent change of station. 
 
 Sec. 623.  
 Extension of authority to reimburse members for spouse relicensing costs pursuant to a permanent change of station. 
 
 Sec. 624.  
 Reimbursement of a member of the uniformed services for costs to relocate a pet that arise from a permanent change of station. 
 
 Sec. 625.  
 Travel and transportation allowances for certain members of the Armed Forces who attend a professional military education institution or training classes. 
 
 Sec. 626.  
 Conforming amendments to update references to travel and transportation authorities. 
 
 Sec. 627.  
 Pilot program to reimburse members of the Armed Forces for certain child care costs incident to a permanent change of station or assignment. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Leave 
 
 Sec. 631.  
 Technical amendments to leave entitlement and accumulation. 
 
 Sec. 632.  
 Modification of authority to allow members of the Armed Forces to accumulate leave in excess of 60 days. 
 
 Sec. 633.  
 Convalescent leave for a member of the Armed Forces. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Family and Survivor Benefits 
 
 Sec. 641.  
 Claims relating to the return of personal effects of a deceased member of the Armed Forces. 136 STAT. 2403 
 
 Sec. 642.  
 Extension of parent fee discount to child care employees. 
 
 Sec. 643.  
 Survivor Benefit Plan open season. 
 
 Sec. 644.  
 Military installations with limited child care: briefing. 
 
 Sec. 645.  
 Food insecurity among military families: data collection; training; report. 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Defense Resale Matters 
 
 Sec. 651.  
 Prohibition of the sale of certain goods from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in commissaries and exchanges. 
 
 Subtitle G— 
 Miscellaneous Studies, Briefings and Reports 
 
 Sec. 661.  
 Study on basic pay. 
 
 Sec. 662.  
 Report on accuracy of basic allowance for housing. 
 
 Sec. 663.  
 Review of dislocation and relocation allowances. 
 
 Sec. 664.  
 Complex overhaul pay: briefing. 
 
 Sec. 665.  
 Studies on compensation for DOD child care providers. 
 
 Sec. 666.  
 Barriers to home ownership for members of the Armed Forces: study; report. 
 
 TITLE VII— 
 HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits 
 
 Sec. 701.  
 Improvements to TRICARE dental program. 
 
 Sec. 702.  
 Health benefits for members of the National Guard following required training or other duty to respond to a national emergency. 
 
 Sec. 703.  
 Improvement of referrals for specialty care under TRICARE Prime during permanent changes of station. 
 
 Sec. 704.  
 Confidentiality requirements for mental health care services for members of the Armed Forces. 
 
 Sec. 705.  
 Audit of behavioral health care network providers listed in TRICARE directory. 
 
 Sec. 706.  
 Independent analysis of quality and patient safety review process under direct care component of TRICARE program. 
 
 Sec. 707.  
 Study on providing benefits under TRICARE Reserve Select and TRICARE dental program to members of the Selected Reserve and dependents thereof. 
 
 Sec. 708.  
 GAO study on certain contracts relating to TRICARE program and oversight of such contracts. 
 
 Sec. 709.  
 GAO study on coverage of mental health services under TRICARE program and relationship to certain mental health parity laws. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Health Care Administration 
 
 Sec. 711.  
 Accountability for wounded warriors undergoing disability evaluation. 
 
 Sec. 712.  
 Inclusion of level three trauma care capabilities in requirements for medical centers. 
 
 Sec. 713.   
 Centers of excellence for specialty care in military health system. 
 
 Sec. 714.  
 Maintenance of Core Casualty Receiving Facilities to improve medical force readiness. 
 
 Sec. 715.  
 Congressional notification requirement to modify scope of services provided at military medical treatment facilities. 
 
 Sec. 716.  
 Improvements to processes to reduce financial harm caused to civilians for care provided at military medical treatment facilities. 
 
 Sec. 717.  
 Authority to carry out studies and demonstration projects relating to delivery of health and medical care through use of other transaction authority. 
 
 Sec. 718.  
 Licensure requirement for certain health-care professionals providing services as part of mission relating to emergency, humanitarian, or refugee assistance. 
 
 Sec. 719.  
 Authorization of permanent program to improve opioid management in the military health system. 
 
 Sec. 720.  
 Modification of requirement to transfer research and development and public health functions to Defense Health Agency. 
 
 Sec. 721.  
 Access to certain dependent medical records by remarried former spouses. 
 
 Sec. 722.  
 Authority for Department of Defense program to promote early literacy among certain young children. 
 
 Sec. 723.  
 Plan for Accountable Care Organization demonstration. 
 
 Sec. 724.  
 Feasibility study and plan on establishing a Military Health System Medical Logistics Directorate and Military Health System Education and Training Directorate. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Reports and Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 731.  
 Briefing and report on reduction or realignment of military medical manning and medical billets. 136 STAT. 2404 
 
 Sec. 732.  
 Independent analysis of Department of Defense Comprehensive Autism Care Demonstration program. 
 
 Sec. 733.  
 Clarification of membership requirements and compensation authority for independent suicide prevention and response review committee. 
 
 Sec. 734.  
 Termination of veterans’ advisory board on radiation dose reconstruction. 
 
 Sec. 735.  
 Brain health initiative of Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 736.  
 Establishment of partnership program between United States and Ukraine for military trauma care and research. 
 
 Sec. 737.  
 Improvements relating to behavioral health care available under military health system. 
 
 Sec. 738.  
 Certification program in provision of mental health services to members of the Armed Forces and military families. 
 
 Sec. 739.  
 Standardization of policies relating to service in Armed Forces by individuals diagnosed with HBV. 
 
 Sec. 740.  
 Suicide cluster: standardized definition for use by Department of Defense; congressional notification. 
 
 Sec. 741.  
 Limitation on reduction of military medical manning end strength: certification requirement and other reforms. 
 
 Sec. 742.  
 Feasibility study on establishment of Department of Defense internship programs relating to civilian behavioral health providers. 
 
 Sec. 743.  
 Updates to prior feasibility studies on establishment of new command on defense health. 
 
 Sec. 744.  
 Capability assessment and action plan with respect to effects of exposure to open burn pits and other environmental hazards. 
 
 Sec. 745.  
 Kyle Mullen Navy SEAL medical training review. 
 
 Sec. 746.  
 Reports on composition of medical personnel of each military department and related matters. 
 
 Sec. 747.  
 Report on effects of low recruitment and retention on operational tempo and physical and mental health of members of the Armed Forces. 
 
 Sec. 748.  
 Guidance for addressing healthy relationships and intimate partner violence through TRICARE Program. 
 
 Sec. 749.  
 Briefing on suicide prevention reforms for members of the Armed Forces. 
 
 TITLE VIII— 
 ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Acquisition Policy and Management 
 
 Sec. 801.  
 Writing award to encourage curiosity and persistence in overcoming obstacles in acquisition. 
 
 Sec. 802.  
 Task and delivery order contracting for architectural and engineering services. 
 
 Sec. 803.  
 Data requirements for commercial products for major weapon systems. 
 
 Sec. 804.  
 Revision of authority for procedures to allow rapid acquisition and deployment of capabilities needed under specified high-priority circumstances. 
 
 Sec. 805.  
 Treatment of certain clauses implementing Executive orders. 
 
 Sec. 806.  
 Life cycle management and product support. 
 
 Sec. 807.  
 Amendments to contractor employee protections from reprisal for disclosure of certain information. 
 
 Sec. 808.  
 Use of fixed-price type contracts for certain major defense acquisition programs. 
 
 Sec. 809.  
 Acquisition reporting system. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations 
 
 Sec. 811.  
 Inclusion in budget justification materials of enhanced reporting on proposed cancellations and modifications to multiyear contracts. 
 
 Sec. 812.  
 Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs and related efforts. 
 
 Sec. 813.  
 Extension of Defense Modernization Account authority. 
 
 Sec. 814.  
 Clarification to fixed-price incentive contract references. 
 
 Sec. 815.  
 Modification of reporting requirement in connection with requests for multiyear procurement authority for large defense acquisitions. 
 
 Sec. 816.  
 Modification of provision relating to determination of certain activities with unusually hazardous risks. 
 
 Sec. 817.  
 Modification to prohibition on operation or procurement of foreign-made unmanned aircraft systems. 
 
 Sec. 818.  
 Extension of pilot program to accelerate contracting and pricing processes. 
 
 Sec. 819.  
 Extension of pilot program for distribution support and services for weapons systems contractors. 
 
 Sec. 820.  
 Extension and modification of Never Contract with the Enemy. 136 STAT. 2405 
 
 Sec. 821.  
 Repeal of requirement for Inspector General of the Department of Defense to conduct certain reviews. 
 
 Sec. 822.  
 Modification of contracts to provide extraordinary relief due to inflation impacts. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Provisions Relating to Acquisition Workforce 
 
 Sec. 831.  
 Key experiences and enhanced pay authority for acquisition workforce excellence. 
 
 Sec. 832.  
 Defense Acquisition University reforms. 
 
 Sec. 833.  
 Modifications to Defense Civilian Training Corps. 
 
 Sec. 834.  
 Acquisition workforce incentives relating to training on, and agreements with, certain start-up businesses. 
 
 Sec. 835.  
 Curricula on software acquisitions and cybersecurity software or hardware acquisitions for covered individuals. 
 
 Sec. 836.  
 Department of Defense national imperative for industrial skills program. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Provisions Relating to Software and Technology 
 
 Sec. 841.  
 Guidelines and resources on the acquisition or licensing of intellectual property. 
 
 Sec. 842.  
 Modification of authority of the Department of Defense to carry out certain prototype projects. 
 
 Sec. 843.  
 Other transaction authority clarification. 
 
 Sec. 844.  
 Prizes for advanced technology achievements. 
 
 Sec. 845.  
 Congressional notification for pilot program to accelerate the procurement and fielding of innovative technologies. 
 
 Sec. 846.  
 Report on software delivery times. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Industrial Base Matters 
 
 Sec. 851.  
 Modification to the national technology and industrial base. 
 
 Sec. 852.  
 Modification to miscellaneous limitations on the procurement of goods other than United States goods. 
 
 Sec. 853.  
 Requirements for the procurement of certain components for certain naval vessels and auxiliary ships. 
 
 Sec. 854.  
 Modifications to the procurement technical assistance program. 
 
 Sec. 855.  
 Codification of prohibition on certain procurements from the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. 
 
 Sec. 856.  
 Codification of the Department of Defense Mentor–Protege Program. 
 
 Sec. 857.  
 Procurement requirements relating to rare earth elements and strategic and critical materials. 
 
 Sec. 858.  
 Analyses of certain activities for action to address sourcing and industrial capacity. 
 
 Sec. 859.  
 Demonstration exercise of enhanced planning for industrial mobilization and supply chain management. 
 
 Sec. 860.  
 Risk management for Department of Defense pharmaceutical supply chains. 
 
 Sec. 861.  
 Strategy for increasing competitive opportunities for certain critical technologies. 
 
 Sec. 862.  
 Key advanced system development industry days. 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Small Business Matters 
 
 Sec. 871.  
 Codification of Small Business Administration scorecard. 
 
 Sec. 872.  
 Modifications to the SBIR and STTR programs. 
 
 Sec. 873.  
 Access to data on bundled or consolidated contracts. 
 
 Sec. 874.  
 Small business integration working group. 
 
 Sec. 875.  
 Demonstration of commercial due diligence for small business programs. 
 
 Sec. 876.  
 Development and assessment of mission effectiveness metrics. 
 
 Subtitle G— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 881.  
 Technical correction to effective date of the transfer of certain title 10 acquisition provisions. 
 
 Sec. 882.  
 Security clearance bridge pilot program. 
 
 Sec. 883.  
 Existing agreement limits for Operation Warp Speed. 
 
 Sec. 884.  
 Incorporation of controlled unclassified information guidance into program classification guides and program protection plans. 
 
 TITLE IX— 
 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters 
 
 Sec. 901.  
 Increase in authorized number of Assistant and Deputy Assistant Secretaries of Defense. 136 STAT. 2406 
 
 Sec. 902.  
 Conforming amendments relating to repeal of position of Chief Management Officer. 
 
 Sec. 903.  
 Limitation on use of funds pending demonstration of product to identify, task, and manage congressional reporting requirements. 
 
 Sec. 904.  
 Limitation on use of funds pending compliance with requirements relating to alignment of Close Combat Lethality Task Force. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Other Department of Defense Organization and Management Matters 
 
 Sec. 911.  
 Updates to management reform framework. 
 
 Sec. 912.  
 Briefing on changes to Unified Command Plan. 
 
 Sec. 913.  
 Clarification of peacetime functions of the Navy. 
 
 Sec. 914.  
 Responsibilities and functions relating to electromagnetic spectrum operations. 
 
 Sec. 915.  
 Joint all domain command and control. 
 
 Sec. 916.  
 Strategic management dashboard demonstration. 
 
 Sec. 917.  
 Demonstration program for component content management systems. 
 
 Sec. 918.  
 Report on potential transition of all members of the Space Force into a single component. 
 
 TITLE X— 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Financial Matters 
 
 Sec. 1001.  
 General transfer authority. 
 
 Sec. 1002.  
 Sense of Congress relating to the corrective action plans review process. 
 
 Sec. 1003.  
 Annual reports on budgetary effects of inflation. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Counterdrug Activities 
 
 Sec. 1011.  
 Extension of authority to support a unified counterdrug and counterterrorism campaign in Colombia. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
 
 Sec. 1021.  
 Modification to annual naval vessel construction plan. 
 
 Sec. 1022.  
 Navy consultation with Marine Corps on major decisions directly concerning Marine Corps amphibious force structure and capability. 
 
 Sec. 1023.  
 Amphibious warship force structure. 
 
 Sec. 1024.  
 Modification to limitation on decommissioning or inactivating battle force ships before end of expected service life. 
 
 Sec. 1025.  
 Amphibious warfare ship assessment and requirements. 
 
 Sec. 1026.  
 Battle force ship employment, maintenance, and manning baseline plans. 
 
 Sec. 1027.  
 Withholding of certain information about sunken military crafts. 
 
 Sec. 1028.  
 Business case analyses on disposition of certain Government-owned dry-docks. 
 
 Sec. 1029.  
 Prohibition on retirement of certain naval vessels. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Counterterrorism 
 
 Sec. 1031.  
 Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. 
 
 Sec. 1032.  
 Extension of prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
 
 Sec. 1033.  
 Modification and extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to certain countries. 
 
 Sec. 1034.  
 Extension of prohibition on use of funds to close or relinquish control of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations 
 
 Sec. 1041.  
 Submission of national defense strategy in classified and unclassified form. 
 
 Sec. 1042.  
 Department of Defense support for funerals and memorial events for Members and former Members of Congress. 
 
 Sec. 1043.  
 Modification of authority for humanitarian demining assistance and stockpiled conventional munitions assistance. 
 
 Sec. 1044.  
 Modification of provisions relating to anomalous health incidents. 
 
 Sec. 1045.  
 Security clearances for recently separated members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 1046.  
 Integrated and authenticated access to Department of Defense systems for certain congressional staff for oversight purposes. 136 STAT. 2407 
 
 Sec. 1047.  
 Introduction of entities in transactions critical to national security. 
 
 Sec. 1048.  
 Joint training pipeline between United States Navy and Royal Australian Navy. 
 
 Sec. 1049.  
 Standardization of sectional barge construction for Department of Defense use on rivers and intercoastal waterways. 
 
 Sec. 1050.  
 Department of Defense support for recently enacted commissions. 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Studies and Reports 
 
 Sec. 1051.  
 Modification of annual report on unfunded priorities. 
 
 Sec. 1052.  
 Congressional notification of military information support operations in the information environment. 
 
 Sec. 1053.  
 Modification and continuation of reporting requirement relating to humanitarian assistance. 
 
 Sec. 1054.  
 Briefing on Global Force Management Allocation Plan. 
 
 Sec. 1055.  
 Report and budget details regarding Operation Spartan Shield. 
 
 Sec. 1056.  
 Annual report on civilian casualties in connection with United States military operations. 
 
 Sec. 1057.  
 Extension of certain reporting deadlines. 
 
 Sec. 1058.  
 Extension and modification of reporting requirement regarding enhancement of information sharing and coordination of military training between Department of Homeland Security and Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 1059.  
 Continuation of requirement for annual report on National Guard and reserve component equipment. 
 
 Sec. 1060.  
 Modification of authority of Secretary of Defense to transfer excess aircraft to other departments of the Federal Government and authority to transfer excess aircraft to States. 
 
 Sec. 1061.  
 Combatant command risk assessment for airborne intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. 
 
 Sec. 1062.  
 Study on military training routes and special use air space near wind turbines. 
 
 Sec. 1063.  
 Annual reports on safety upgrades to the high mobility multipurpose wheeled vehicle fleets. 
 
 Sec. 1064.  
 Department of Defense delays in providing comments on Government Accountability Office reports. 
 
 Sec. 1065.  
 Justification for transfer or elimination of certain flying missions. 
 
 Sec. 1066.  
 Reports on United States military force presence in Europe. 
 
 Sec. 1067.  
 Report on Department of Defense practices regarding distinction between combatants and civilians in United States military operations. 
 
 Sec. 1068.  
 Report on strategy and improvement of community engagement efforts of Armed Forces in Hawaii. 
 
 Sec. 1069.  
 Report on Department of Defense military capabilities in the Caribbean. 
 
 Sec. 1070.  
 Quarterly briefings on Department of Defense support for civil authorities to address immigration at the southwest border. 
 
 Sec. 1071.  
 Annual report on procurement of equipment by State and local governments through the Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 1072.  
 Briefing on financial oversight of certain educational institutions receiving Department of Defense funds. 
 
 Sec. 1073.  
 Report on effects of certain ethics requirements on Department of Defense hiring, retention, and operations. 
 
 Sec. 1074.  
 Joint Concept for Competing. 
 
 Sec. 1075.  
 Analysis of feasibility and advisability of relocating major units of the United States Armed Forces to certain European countries. 
 
 Sec. 1076.  
 Report on effects of strategic competitor naval facilities in Africa. 
 
 Subtitle G— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 1081.  
 Technical and conforming amendments. 
 
 Sec. 1082.  
 Department of Defense Civilian Protection Center of Excellence. 
 
 Sec. 1083.  
 Ronald V. Dellums Memorial Fellowship in STEM. 
 
 Sec. 1084.  
 Amendment to memorial for members of the Armed Forces killed in attack on Hamid Karzai International Airport. 
 
 Sec. 1085.  
 Public availability of cost of certain military operations. 
 
 Sec. 1086.  
 Combating military reliance on Russian energy. 
 
 Sec. 1087.  
 Establishment of joint force headquarters in area of operations of United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 
 Sec. 1088.  
 National tabletop exercise. 
 
 Sec. 1089.  
 Personnel supporting the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict. 
 
 Sec. 1090.  
 Sense of Congress on redesignation of the Africa Center for Strategic Studies as the James M. Inhofe Center for Africa Strategic Studies. 
 
 Sec. 1091.  
 Integration of electronic warfare into Tier 1 and Tier 2 joint training exercises. 136 STAT. 2408 
 
 Sec. 1092.  
 National Commission on the Future of the Navy. 
 
 Sec. 1093.  
 Dynamic airspace pilot program. 
 
 TITLE XI— 
 CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS 
 
 Sec. 1101.  
 Restricted reporting option for Department of Defense civilian employees choosing to report experiencing adult sexual assault. 
 
 Sec. 1102.  
 Modification and extension of authority to waive annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. 
 
 Sec. 1103.  
 One-year extension of temporary authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a combat zone. 
 
 Sec. 1104.  
 Standardized credentials for law enforcement officers of the Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 1105.  
 Temporary extension of authority to provide security for former Department of Defense officials. 
 
 Sec. 1106.  
 Enhanced pay authority for certain research and technology positions in science and technology reinvention laboratories. 
 
 Sec. 1107.  
 Flexible workplace programs. 
 
 Sec. 1108.  
 Eligibility of Department of Defense employees in time-limited appointments to compete for permanent appointments. 
 
 Sec. 1109.  
 Modification to personnel management authority to attract experts in science and engineering. 
 
 Sec. 1110.  
 Modification and extension of pilot program on dynamic shaping of the workforce to improve the technical skills and expertise at certain department of defense laboratories. 
 
 Sec. 1111.  
 Modification of temporary expansion of authority for noncompetitive appointments of military spouses by federal agencies. 
 
 Sec. 1112.  
 Modification to pilot program for the temporary assignment of cyber and information technology personnel to private sector organizations. 
 
 TITLE XII— 
 MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Assistance and Training 
 
 Sec. 1201.   
 Payment of personnel expenses necessary for participation in training program conducted by Colombia under the United States-Colombia Action Plan for Regional Security. 
 
 Sec. 1202.   
 Modifications to Reports on Security Cooperation. 
 
 Sec. 1203.   
 Modification of authority for participation in multinational centers of excellence. 
 
 Sec. 1204.   
 Modification of existing authorities to provide for an Irregular Warfare Center and a Regional Defense Fellowship Program. 
 
 Sec. 1205.   
 Modification to authority to provide support for conduct of operations. 
 
 Sec. 1206.   
 Extension and modification of authority for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. 
 
 Sec. 1207.   
 Modification and extension of authority to support border security operations of certain foreign countries. 
 
 Sec. 1208.   
 Security cooperation programs with foreign partners to advance women, peace, and security. 
 
 Sec. 1209.   
 Review of implementation of prohibition on use of funds for assistance to units of foreign security forces that have committed a gross violation of human rights. 
 
 Sec. 1210.   
 Independent assessment of United States efforts to train, advise, assist, and equip the military forces of Somalia. 
 
 Sec. 1211.   
 Security cooperation activities at Counter-UAS University. 
 
 Sec. 1212.   
 Defense Operational Resilience International Cooperation Pilot Program. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan 
 
 Sec. 1221.   
 Extension of authority for certain payments to redress injury and loss. 
 
 Sec. 1222.   
 Additional matters for inclusion in reports on oversight in Afghanistan. 
 
 Sec. 1223.   
 Prohibition on transporting currency to the Taliban and the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran 
 
 Sec. 1231.   
 Modification of annual report on the military capabilities of Iran and related activities. 
 
 Sec. 1232.   
 Extension of authority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. 
 
 Sec. 1233.   
 Extension of authority to provide assistance to vetted Syrian groups and individuals. 136 STAT. 2409 
 
 Sec. 1234.   
 Extension and modification of authority to provide assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. 
 
 Sec. 1235.   
 Prohibition on transfers to Iran. 
 
 Sec. 1236.   
 Report on Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps-affiliated operatives abroad. 
 
 Sec. 1237.   
 Assessment of support to Iraqi Security Forces and Kurdish Peshmerga Forces to counter air and missile threats. 
 
 Sec. 1238.   
 Interagency strategy to disrupt and dismantle narcotics production and trafficking and affiliated networks linked to the regime of Bashar al-Assad in Syria. 
 
 Sec. 1239.   
 Prohibition on transfers to Badr Organization. 
 
 Sec. 1240.   
 Report on United Nations arms embargo on Iran. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Matters Relating to Russia 
 
 Sec. 1241.   
 Modification and extension of Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative. 
 
 Sec. 1242.   
 Extension of limitation on military cooperation between the United States and Russia. 
 
 Sec. 1243.   
 Modification to annual report on military and security developments involving the Russian Federation. 
 
 Sec. 1244.   
 Temporary authorizations related to Ukraine and other matters. 
 
 Sec. 1245.   
 Prohibition on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over internationally recognized territory of Ukraine. 
 
 Sec. 1246.   
 Report on Department of Defense plan for the provision of short and medium-term security assistance to Ukraine. 
 
 Sec. 1247.   
 Oversight of United States assistance to Ukraine. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Matters Relating to the Indo-Pacific Region 
 
 Sec. 1251.   
 Modification to annual report on military and security developments involving the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Sec. 1252.   
 Modification of Indo-Pacific Maritime Security Initiative to authorize use of funds for the Coast Guard. 
 
 Sec. 1253.   
 Modification of prohibition on participation of the People’s Republic of China in rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercises to include cessation of genocide by China. 
 
 Sec. 1254.   
 Extension and modification of Pacific Deterrence Initiative. 
 
 Sec. 1255.   
 Extension of authority to transfer funds for Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup. 
 
 Sec. 1256.   
 Enhanced indications and warning for deterrence and dissuasion. 
 
 Sec. 1257.   
 Prohibition on use of funds to support entertainment projects with ties to the Government of the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Sec. 1258.   
 Reporting on institutions of higher education domiciled in the People’s Republic of China that provide support to the People’s Liberation Army. 
 
 Sec. 1259.   
 Review of port and port-related infrastructure purchases and investments made by the Government of the People’s Republic of China and entities directed or backed by the Government of the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Sec. 1260.   
 Enhancing major defense partnership with India. 
 
 Sec. 1261.   
 Pilot program to develop young civilian defense leaders in the Indo-Pacific region. 
 
 Sec. 1262.   
 Report on bilateral agreements supporting United States military posture in the Indo-Pacific region. 
 
 Sec. 1263.   
 Statement of policy on Taiwan. 
 
 Sec. 1264.   
 Sense of congress on joint exercises with Taiwan. 
 
 Sec. 1265.   
 Sense of Congress on defense alliances and partnerships in the Indo-Pacific region. 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 1271.   
 North Atlantic Treaty Organization Special Operations Headquarters. 
 
 Sec. 1272.   
 Sense of Congress on NATO and United States defense posture in Europe. 
 
 Sec. 1273.   
 Report on Fifth Fleet capabilities upgrades. 
 
 Sec. 1274.   
 Report on use of social media by foreign terrorist organizations. 
 
 Sec. 1275.   
 Report and feasibility study on collaboration to meet shared national security interests in East Africa. 
 
 Sec. 1276.   
 Assessment of challenges to implementation of the partnership among Australia, the United Kingdom, and the United States. 
 
 Sec. 1277.   
 Modification and extension of United States-Israel cooperation to counter unmanned aerial systems. 
 
 Sec. 1278.   
 Sense of Congress and briefing on multinational force and observers. 
 
 Sec. 1279.   
 Briefing on Department of Defense program to protect United States students against foreign agents. 136 STAT. 2410 
 
 TITLE XIV— 
 OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Military Programs 
 
 Sec. 1401.  
 Working capital funds. 
 
 Sec. 1402.  
 Chemical agents and munitions destruction, defense. 
 
 Sec. 1403.  
 Drug interdiction and counter-drug activities, defense-wide. 
 
 Sec. 1404.  
 Defense Inspector General. 
 
 Sec. 1405.  
 Defense health program. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 National Defense Stockpile 
 
 Sec. 1411.  
 Reform of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. 
 
 Sec. 1412.  
 Modification of acquisition authority under Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. 
 
 Sec. 1413.  
 Briefings on shortfalls in National Defense Stockpile. 
 
 Sec. 1414.  
 Authority to acquire materials for the National Defense Stockpile. 
 
 Sec. 1415.  
 Department of Defense readiness to support prolonged conflict. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 1421.  
 Authority for transfer of funds to joint Department of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. 
 
 Sec. 1422.  
 Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
 
 TITLE XV— 
 CYBER AND INFORMATION OPERATIONS MATTERS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Cyber Matters 
 
 Sec. 1501.  
 Improvements to Principal Cyber Advisors. 
 
 Sec. 1502.  
 Annual reports on support by military departments for United States Cyber Command. 
 
 Sec. 1503.  
 Modification of office of primary responsibility for strategic cybersecurity program. 
 
 Sec. 1504.  
 Tailored cyberspace operations organizations. 
 
 Sec. 1505.  
 Establishment of support center for consortium of universities that advise Secretary of Defense on cybersecurity matters. 
 
 Sec. 1506.  
 Alignment of Department of Defense cyber international strategy with National Defense Strategy and Department of Defense Cyber Strategy. 
 
 Sec. 1507.  
 Enhancement of cyberspace training and security cooperation. 
 
 Sec. 1508.  
 Military Cybersecurity Cooperation with Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. 
 
 Sec. 1509.  
 Management and oversight of Joint Cyber Warfighting Architecture. 
 
 Sec. 1510.  
 Integrated non-kinetic force development. 
 
 Sec. 1511.  
 Protection of critical infrastructure. 
 
 Sec. 1512.  
 Budget display for cryptographic modernization activities for certain systems of the Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 1513.  
 Establishing projects for data management, artificial intelligence, and digital solutions. 
 
 Sec. 1514.  
 Operational testing for commercial cybersecurity capabilities. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Information Operations 
 
 Sec. 1521.  
 Requirement to notify Chief of Mission of military operation in the information environment. 
 
 Sec. 1522.  
 Assessment and optimization of Department of Defense information and influence operations conducted through cyberspace. 
 
 Sec. 1523.  
 Joint information operations course. 
 
 Sec. 1524.  
 Limitation on availability of certain funds until submission of joint lexicon for terms related to information operations. 
 
 Sec. 1525.  
 Limitation on availability of funds pending submittal of information operations strategy and posture review. 
 
 Sec. 1526.  
 Limitation on availability of certain funds until submission of assessments relating to cybersecurity of the defense industrial base. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Personnel 
 
 Sec. 1531.  
 Cyber operations-peculiar awards. 
 
 Sec. 1532.  
 Establishment of Cyber Operations Designator and rating for the Navy. 
 
 Sec. 1533.  
 Total force generation for the Cyberspace Operations Forces. 
 
 Sec. 1534.  
 Correcting cyber mission force readiness shortfalls. 
 
 Sec. 1535.  
 Department of Defense Cyber and Digital Service Academy. 
 
 Sec. 1536.  
 Report on recommendations from Navy Civilian Career Path study. 
 
 Sec. 1537.  
 Study to determine optimal strategy for structuring and manning elements of Joint Force Headquarters–Cyber Organizations, Joint Mission Operations Centers, and Cyber Operations-Integrated Planning Elements. 136 STAT. 2411 
 
 Sec. 1538.  
 Manning review of Space Force cyber squadrons. 
 
 Sec. 1539.  
 Independent review of posture and staffing levels of Office of the Chief Information Officer. 
 
 Sec. 1540.  
 Independent assessment of Civilian Cybersecurity Reserve for Department of Defense. 
 
 Sec. 1541.  
 Comprehensive review of Cyber Excepted Service. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Reports and Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 1551.  
 Pilot program for sharing cyber capabilities and related information with foreign operational partners. 
 
 Sec. 1552.  
 Demonstration program for cyber and information technology budget data analytics. 
 
 Sec. 1553.  
 Plan for commercial cloud test and evaluation. 
 
 Sec. 1554.  
 Roadmap and implementation plan for cyber adoption of artificial intelligence. 
 
 Sec. 1555.  
 Review of Department of Defense implementation of recommendations from Defense Science Board cyber report. 
 
 Sec. 1556.  
 Annual briefing on relationship between National Security Agency and United States Cyber Command. 
 
 Sec. 1557.  
 Review of definitions associated with Cyberspace Operations Forces. 
 
 Sec. 1558.  
 Annual assessments and reports on assignment of certain budget control responsibility to Commander of United States Cyber Command. 
 
 Sec. 1559.  
 Assessments of weapons systems vulnerabilities to radio-frequency enabled cyber attacks. 
 
 Sec. 1560.  
 Briefing on Department of Defense plan to deter and counter adversaries in the information environment. 
 
 TITLE XVI— 
 SPACE ACTIVITIES, STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Space Activities 
 
 Sec. 1601.  
 Requirements for protection of satellites. 
 
 Sec. 1602.  
 Strategy on protection of satellites. 
 
 Sec. 1603.  
 Modification of reports on integration of acquisition and capability delivery schedules for segments of major satellite acquisitions programs and funding for such programs. 
 
 Sec. 1604.  
 Tactically responsive space capability. 
 
 Sec. 1605.  
 Extension of annual report on Space Command and Control. 
 
 Sec. 1606.  
 Allied responsive space capabilities. 
 
 Sec. 1607.  
 Applied research and educational activities to support space technology development. 
 
 Sec. 1608.  
 Review of Space Development Agency exemption from Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System. 
 
 Sec. 1609.  
 Update to plan to manage Integrated Tactical Warning and Attack Assessment System and multi-domain sensors. 
 
 Sec. 1610.  
 Report on space debris. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-Related Activities 
 
 Sec. 1621.  
 Congressional oversight of clandestine activities that support operational preparation of the environment. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Nuclear Forces 
 
 Sec. 1631.  
 Biannual briefing on nuclear weapons and related activities. 
 
 Sec. 1632.  
 Industrial base monitoring for B–21 and Sentinel programs. 
 
 Sec. 1633.  
 Improvements to Nuclear Weapons Council. 
 
 Sec. 1634.  
 Portfolio management framework for nuclear forces. 
 
 Sec. 1635.  
 Extension of requirement to report on nuclear weapons stockpile. 
 
 Sec. 1636.  
 Modification and extension of annual assessment of cyber resilience of nuclear command and control system. 
 
 Sec. 1637.  
 Modification of reports on Nuclear Posture Review implementation. 
 
 Sec. 1638.  
 Establishment of intercontinental ballistic missile site activation task force for Sentinel program. 
 
 Sec. 1639.  
 Prohibition on reduction of the intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States. 
 
 Sec. 1640.  
 Plan for development of reentry vehicles. 
 
 Sec. 1641.  
 Treatment of nuclear modernization and hypersonic missile programs within Defense Priorities and Allocations System. 
 
 Sec. 1642.  
 Matters relating to nuclear-capable sea-launched cruise missile. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Missile Defense Programs 
 
 Sec. 1651.  
 Biannual briefing on missile defense and related activities. 136 STAT. 2412 
 
 Sec. 1652.  
 Improvements to acquisition accountability reports on the ballistic missile defense system. 
 
 Sec. 1653.  
 Making permanent prohibitions relating to missile defense information and systems. 
 
 Sec. 1654.  
 Next generation interceptors for missile defense of United States homeland. 
 
 Sec. 1655.  
 Termination of requirement to transition ballistic missile defense programs to the military departments. 
 
 Sec. 1656.  
 Persistent cybersecurity operations for ballistic missile defense systems and networks. 
 
 Sec. 1657.  
 Fire control architectures. 
 
 Sec. 1658.  
 Middle East integrated air and missile defense. 
 
 Sec. 1659.  
 Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system and Israeli cooperative missile defense program co-development and co-production. 
 
 Sec. 1660.  
 Integrated air and missile defense architecture for defense of Guam. 
 
 Sec. 1661.  
 Limitation on availability of certain funds until submission of report on implementation of the cruise missile defense architecture for the homeland. 
 
 Sec. 1662.  
 Strategy to use asymmetric capabilities to defeat hypersonic missile threats. 
 
 Sec. 1663.  
 Plan on delivering Shared Early Warning System data to certain allies and partners of the United States. 
 
 Sec. 1664.  
 Reports on ground-based interceptors. 
 
 Sec. 1665.  
 Report on missile defense interceptor site in contiguous United States. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 1671.  
 Cooperative threat reduction funds. 
 
 Sec. 1672.  
 Department of Defense support for requirements of the White House Military Office. 
 
 Sec. 1673.  
 Unidentified anomalous phenomena reporting procedures. 
 
 Sec. 1674.  
 Study of weapons programs that allow Armed Forces to address hard and deeply buried targets. 
 
 TITLE XVII— 
 MUNITIONS REPLENISHMENT AND FUTURE PROCUREMENT 
 
 Sec. 1701.  
 Annual report on industrial base constraints for munitions. 
 
 Sec. 1702.  
 Modification to Special Defense Acquisition Fund. 
 
 Sec. 1703.  
 Quarterly briefings on replenishment and revitalization of weapons provided to Ukraine. 
 
 Sec. 1704.  
 Assessment of requirements and acquisition objectives for Patriot air and missile defense battalions. 
 
 Sec. 1705.  
 Independent assessment of department of defense capability and capacity needs for munitions production and stockpiling. 
 
 DIVISION B— 
 MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS 
 
 Sec. 2001.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 2002.  
 Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be specified by law. 
 
 Sec. 2803.  
 Effective date and automatic execution of conforming changes to tables of sections, tables of contents, and similar tabular entries. 
 
 TITLE XXI— 
 ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
 
 Sec. 2101.  
 Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. 
 
 Sec. 2102.  
 Family housing. 
 
 Sec. 2103.  
 Authorization of appropriations, Army. 
 
 Sec. 2104.  
 Demolition of District of Columbia Fort McNair Quarters 4, 13, and 15. 
 
 Sec. 2105.  
 Modification of authority to carry out fiscal year 2019 project at Camp Tango, Korea. 
 
 Sec. 2106.  
 Extension and modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 projects. 
 
 TITLE XXII— 
 NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
 
 Sec. 2201.  
 Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. 
 
 Sec. 2202.  
 Family housing. 
 
 Sec. 2203.  
 Authorization of appropriations, Navy. 
 
 Sec. 2204.  
 Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. 
 
 Sec. 2205.  
 Transfer of customers from Navy electrical utility system at former Naval Air Station Barber’s Point, Hawaii, to new electrical system in Kalaeloa, Hawaii. 
 
 TITLE XXIII— 
 AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
 
 Sec. 2301.  
 Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. 136 STAT. 2413 
 
 Sec. 2302.  
 Family housing. 
 
 Sec. 2303.  
 Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. 
 
 Sec. 2304.  
 Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 projects. 
 
 Sec. 2305.  
 Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2021 project. 
 
 Sec. 2306.  
 Modification of authority to carry out certain military construction projects at Tyndall Air Force Base, Florida. 
 
 TITLE XXIV— 
 DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
 
 Sec. 2401.  
 Authorized Defense Agencies construction and land acquisition projects. 
 
 Sec. 2402.  
 Authorized energy resilience and conservation investment program projects. 
 
 Sec. 2403.  
 Authorization of appropriations, defense agencies. 
 
 Sec. 2404.  
 Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 projects. 
 
 TITLE XXV— 
 INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program 
 
 Sec. 2501.  
 Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. 
 
 Sec. 2502.  
 Authorization of appropriations, NATO. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Host Country In-Kind Contributions 
 
 Sec. 2511.  
 Republic of Korea funded construction projects. 
 
 Sec. 2512.  
 Repeal of authorized approach to certain construction project. 
 
 TITLE XXVI— 
 GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES 
 
 Sec. 2601.  
 Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. 
 
 Sec. 2602.  
 Authorized Army Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. 
 
 Sec. 2603.  
 Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. 
 
 Sec. 2604.  
 Authorized Air National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. 
 
 Sec. 2605.  
 Authorized Air Force Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. 
 
 Sec. 2606.  
 Authorization of appropriations, National Guard and Reserve. 
 
 Sec. 2607.  
 Corrections to authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2022 projects. 
 
 Sec. 2608.  
 Extension of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 projects. 
 
 TITLE XXVII— 
 BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
 
 Sec. 2701.  
 Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and closure activities funded through Department of Defense Base Closure Account. 
 
 Sec. 2702.  
 Authorization to fund certain demolition and removal activities through Department of Defense Base Closure Account. 
 
 Sec. 2703.  
 Prohibition on conducting additional base realignment and closure (BRAC) round. 
 
 TITLE XXVIII— 
 MILITARY CONSTRUCTION GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Military Construction Program 
 
 Sec. 2801.  
 Temporary increase of amounts in connection with authority to carry out unspecified minor military construction. 
 
 Sec. 2802.  
 Modification of annual locality adjustment of dollar thresholds applicable to unspecified minor military construction authorities. 
 
 Sec. 2803.  
 Permanent authority for defense laboratory modernization program. 
 
 Sec. 2804.  
 Elimination of sunset of authority to conduct unspecified minor military construction for lab revitalization. 
 
 Sec. 2805.  
 Military construction projects for innovation, research, development, test, and evaluation. 
 
 Sec. 2806.  
 Supervision of large military construction projects. 
 
 Sec. 2807.  
 Specification of Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment as Chief Housing Officer. 
 
 Sec. 2808.  
 Clarification of exceptions to limitations on cost variations for military construction projects and military family housing projects. 
 
 Sec. 2809.  
 Use of operation and maintenance funds for certain construction projects outside the United States. 
 
 Sec. 2810.  
 Consideration of installation of integrated solar roofing to improve energy resiliency of military installations. 
 
 Sec. 2811.  
 Revision of Unified Facilities Guide Specifications and Unified Facilities Criteria to include specifications on use of gas insulated switchgear and criteria and specifications on microgrids and microgrid converters. 
 
 Sec. 2812.  
 Determination and notification relating to Executive orders that impact cost and scope of work of military construction projects. 136 STAT. 2414 
 
 Sec. 2813.  
 Requirement for inclusion of Department of Defense Forms 1391 with annual budget submission by President. 
 
 Sec. 2814.  
 Use of integrated project delivery contracts. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Military Housing Reforms 
 
 Sec. 2821.  
 Standardization of military installation Housing Requirements and Market Analyses. 
 
 Sec. 2822.  
 Notice requirement for MHPI ground lease extensions. 
 
 Sec. 2823.  
 Annual briefings on military housing privatization projects. 
 
 Sec. 2824.  
 Mold inspection of vacant housing units. 
 
 Sec. 2825.  
 Implementation of recommendations from audit of medical conditions of residents in privatized military housing. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Real Property and Facilities Administration 
 
 Sec. 2831.  
 Authorized land and facilities transfer to support contracts with federally funded research and development centers. 
 
 Sec. 2832.  
 Limitation on use of funds pending completion of military installation resilience component of master plans for at-risk major military installations. 
 
 Sec. 2833.  
 Physical entrances to certain military installations. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Land Conveyances 
 
 Sec. 2841.  
 Extension of time frame for land conveyance, Sharpe Army Depot, Lathrop, California. 
 
 Sec. 2842.  
 Land conveyance, Joint Base Charleston, South Carolina. 
 
 Sec. 2843.  
 Land conveyance, Naval Air Station Oceana, Dam Neck Annex, Virginia Beach, Virginia. 
 
 Sec. 2844.  
 Land exchange, Marine Reserve Training Center, Omaha, Nebraska. 
 
 Sec. 2845.  
 Land Conveyance, Starkville, Mississippi. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Miscellaneous Studies and Reports 
 
 Sec. 2851.  
 Study on practices with respect to development of military construction projects. 
 
 Sec. 2852.  
 Report on capacity of Department of Defense to provide survivors of natural disasters with emergency short-term housing. 
 
 Sec. 2853.  
 Reporting on lead service lines and lead plumbing. 
 
 Sec. 2854.  
 Briefing on attempts to acquire land near United States military installations by the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 2861.  
 Required consultation with State and local entities for notifications related to the basing decision-making process. 
 
 Sec. 2862.  
 Inclusion in Defense Community Infrastructure Pilot Program of certain projects for ROTC training. 
 
 Sec. 2863.  
 Inclusion of infrastructure improvements identified in the report on strategic seaports in Defense Community Infrastructure Pilot Program. 
 
 Sec. 2864.  
 Inclusion of certain property for purposes of defense community infrastructure pilot program. 
 
 Sec. 2865.  
 Expansion of pilot program on increased use of sustainable building materials in military construction to include locations throughout the United States. 
 
 Sec. 2866.  
 Basing decision scorecard consistency and transparency. 
 
 Sec. 2867.  
 Temporary authority for acceptance and use of funds for certain construction projects in the Republic of Korea. 
 
 Sec. 2868.  
 Repeal of requirement for Interagency Coordination Group of Inspectors General for Guam Realignment. 
 
 Sec. 2869.  
 Lease or use agreement for category 3 subterranean training facility. 
 
 Sec. 2870.  
 Limitation on use of funds for closure of combat readiness training centers. 
 
 Sec. 2871.  
 Required investments in improving child development centers. 
 
 Sec. 2872.  
 Interagency Regional Coordinator for Resilience Pilot Project. 
 
 Sec. 2873.  
 Access to military installations for Homeland Security Investigations personnel in Guam. 
 
 Sec. 2874.  
 Prohibition on joint use of Homestead Air Reserve Base with civil aviation. 
 
 Sec. 2875.  
 Electrical charging capability construction requirements relating to parking for Federal Government motor vehicles. 
 
 TITLE XXIX— 
 FALLON RANGE TRAINING COMPLEX 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Fallon Range Training Complex 
 
 Sec. 2901.  
 Military land withdrawal for Fallon Range Training Complex. 136 STAT. 2415 
 
 Sec. 2902.  
 Numu Newe Special Management Area. 
 
 Sec. 2903.  
 National conservation areas. 
 
 Sec. 2904.  
 Collaboration with State and county. 
 
 Sec. 2905.  
 Wilderness areas in Churchill County, Nevada. 
 
 Sec. 2906.  
 Release of wilderness study areas. 
 
 Sec. 2907.  
 Land conveyances and exchanges. 
 
 Sec. 2908.  
 Checkerboard resolution. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Lander County Economic Development and Conservation 
 
 Sec. 2911.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Part I— 
 Lander County Public Purpose Land Conveyances 
 
 Sec. 2921.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 2922.  
 Conveyances to Lander County, Nevada. 
 
 Part II— 
 Lander County Wilderness Areas 
 
 Sec. 2931.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 2932.  
 Designation of wilderness areas. 
 
 Sec. 2933.  
 Release of wilderness study areas. 
 
 DIVISION C— 
 DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
 
 TITLE XXXI— 
 DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 National Security Programs and Authorizations 
 
 Sec. 3101.  
 National Nuclear Security Administration. 
 
 Sec. 3102.  
 Defense environmental cleanup. 
 
 Sec. 3103.  
 Other defense activities. 
 
 Sec. 3104.  
 Nuclear energy. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations 
 
 Sec. 3111.  
 Requirements for specific request for new or modified nuclear weapons. 
 
 Sec. 3112.  
 Modifications to long-term plan for meeting national security requirements for unencumbered uranium. 
 
 Sec. 3113.  
 Modification of minor construction threshold for plant projects. 
 
 Sec. 3114.  
 Update to plan for deactivation and decommissioning of nonoperational defense nuclear facilities. 
 
 Sec. 3115.  
 Use of alternative technologies to eliminate proliferation threats at vulnerable sites. 
 
 Sec. 3116.  
 Unavailability for overhead costs of amounts specified for laboratory-directed research and development. 
 
 Sec. 3117.  
 Workforce enhancement for National Nuclear Security Administration. 
 
 Sec. 3118.  
 Modification of cost baselines for certain projects. 
 
 Sec. 3119.  
 Purchase of real property options. 
 
 Sec. 3120.  
 Prohibition on availability of funds to reconvert or retire W76–2 warheads. 
 
 Sec. 3121.  
 Acceleration of depleted uranium manufacturing processes. 
 
 Sec. 3122.  
 Assistance by the National Nuclear Security Administration to the Air Force for the development of the Mark 21A fuse. 
 
 Sec. 3123.  
 Determination of standardized indirect cost elements. 
 
 Sec. 3124.  
 Certification of completion of milestones with respect to plutonium pit aging. 
 
 Sec. 3125.  
 National Nuclear Security Administration facility advanced manufacturing development. 
 
 Sec. 3126.  
 Authorization of workforce development and training partnership programs within National Nuclear Security Administration. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Reports and Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 3131.  
 Modification to certain reporting requirements. 
 
 Sec. 3132.  
 Repeal of obsolete provisions of the Atomic Energy Defense Act and other provisions. 
 
 TITLE XXXII— 
 DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
 
 Sec. 3201.  
 Authorization. 
 
 Sec. 3202.  
 Continuation of functions and powers during loss of quorum. 
 
 TITLE XXXIV— 
 NAVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES 
 
 Sec. 3401.  
 Authorization of appropriations. 
 
 TITLE XXXV— 
 MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Maritime Administration 
 
 Sec. 3501.  
 Authorization of appropriations for the Maritime Administration. 136 STAT. 2416 
 
 Sec. 3502.  
 Secretary of Transportation responsibility with respect to cargoes procured, furnished, or financed by other Federal departments and agencies. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Merchant Marine Academy 
 
 Sec. 3511.  
 Exemption of certain students from requirement to obtain merchant mariner license. 
 
 Sec. 3512.  
 Board of Visitors. 
 
 Sec. 3513.  
 Protection of cadets from sexual assault onboard vessels. 
 
 Sec. 3514.  
 Service academy faculty parity of use of United States Government works. 
 
 Sec. 3515.  
 Reports on matters relating to the United States Merchant Marine Academy. 
 
 Sec. 3516.  
 Study on Capital Improvement Program at the USMMA. 
 
 Sec. 3517.  
 Requirements relating to training of Merchant Marine Academy cadets on certain vessels. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Maritime Infrastructure 
 
 Sec. 3521.  
 United States marine highway program. 
 
 Sec. 3522.  
 Port infrastructure development grants. 
 
 Sec. 3523.  
 Project selection criteria for port infrastructure development program. 
 
 Sec. 3524.  
 Infrastructure improvements identified in the report on strategic seaports. 
 
 Sec. 3525.  
 GAO review of Government efforts to promote growth and modernization of United States Merchant Fleet. 
 
 Sec. 3526.  
 GAO review of Federal efforts to enhance port infrastructure resiliency and disaster preparedness. 
 
 Sec. 3527.  
 Study on foreign investment in shipping. 
 
 Sec. 3528.  
 Report on alternate marine fuel bunkering facilities at ports. 
 
 Sec. 3529.  
 Study of cybersecurity and national security threats posed by foreign manufactured cranes at United States ports. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Maritime Workforce 
 
 Sec. 3531.  
 Improving Protections for Midshipmen. 
 
 Sec. 3532.  
 Maritime Technical Advancement Act. 
 
 Sec. 3533.  
 Ensuring diverse mariner recruitment. 
 
 Sec. 3534.  
 Low emissions vessels training. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 3541.  
 Waiver of navigation and vessel inspection laws. 
 
 Sec. 3542.  
 National maritime strategy. 
 
 Sec. 3543.  
 Maritime Environmental and Technical Assistance Program. 
 
 Sec. 3544.  
 Definition of qualified vessel. 
 
 Sec. 3545.  
 Establishing a capital construction fund. 
 
 Sec. 3546.  
 Recapitalization of National Defense Reserve Fleet. 
 
 Sec. 3547.  
 Sense of Congress on Merchant Marine. 
 
 Sec. 3548.  
 Analysis of effects of chemicals in stormwater runoff on Pacific salmon and steelhead. 
 
 Sec. 3549.  
 Report on effective vessel quieting measures. 
 
 DIVISION D— 
 FUNDING TABLES 
 
 Sec. 4001.  
 Authorization of amounts in funding tables. 
 
 TITLE XLI— 
 PROCUREMENT 
 
 Sec. 4101.  
 Procurement. 
 
 TITLE XLII— 
 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
 
 Sec. 4201.  
 Research, development, test, and evaluation. 
 
 TITLE XLIII— 
 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
 
 Sec. 4301.  
 Operation and maintenance. 
 
 TITLE XLIV— 
 MILITARY PERSONNEL 
 
 Sec. 4401.  
 Military personnel. 
 
 TITLE XLV— 
 OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
 
 Sec. 4501.  
 Other authorizations. 
 
 TITLE XLVI— 
 MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
 
 Sec. 4601.  
 Military construction. 136 STAT. 2417 
 
 TITLE XLVII— 
 DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
 
 Sec. 4701.  
 Department of Energy National Security Programs. 
 
 DIVISION E— 
 NON-DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MATTERS 
 
 TITLE LI— 
 VETERANS AFFAIRS MATTERS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Advisory Committees 
 
 Sec. 5101.  
 Annual report from Advisory Committee on Women Veterans. 
 
 Sec. 5102.  
 Department of Veterans Affairs Advisory Committee on United States Outlying Areas and Freely Associated States. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Studies and Reports 
 
 Sec. 5111.  
 Secretary of Veterans Affairs study on dissemination of information on Department of Veterans Affairs home loan benefits. 
 
 Sec. 5112.  
 GAO study on post-market surveillance of medical devices by Department of Veterans Affairs. 
 
 Sec. 5113.  
 Department of Veterans Affairs report on supportive services and housing insecurity. 
 
 Sec. 5114.  
 Report on handling of certain records of the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 5121.  
 Improved application of employment and reemployment rights of all members of uniformed services. 
 
 Sec. 5122.  
 Competitive pay for health care providers of Department of Veterans Affairs. 
 
 Sec. 5123.  
 Definition of land use revenue under West Los Angeles Leasing Act of 2016. 
 
 Sec. 5124.  
 Technical corrections to Honoring our PACT Act of 2022. 
 
 Sec. 5125.  
 Improving pilot program on acceptance by the Department of Veterans Affairs of donated facilities and related improvements. 
 
 Sec. 5126.  
 Improvement of Vet Centers at Department of Veterans Affairs. 
 
 Sec. 5127.  
 Information on certain veterans with prior medical occupations; program on intermediate care technicians of Department of Veterans Affairs. 
 
 TITLE LII— 
 INSPECTOR GENERAL INDEPENDENCE AND EMPOWERMENT MATTERS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Inspector General Independence 
 
 Sec. 5201.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5202.  
 Removal or transfer of Inspectors General; placement on non-duty status. 
 
 Sec. 5203.  
 Vacancy in position of Inspector General. 
 
 Sec. 5204.  
 Office of Inspector General whistleblower complaints. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Presidential Explanation of Failure to Nominate an Inspector General 
 
 Sec. 5221.  
 Presidential explanation of failure to nominate an Inspector General. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Integrity Committee of the Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency Transparency 
 
 Sec. 5231.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5232.  
 Additional information to be included in requests and reports to Congress. 
 
 Sec. 5233.  
 Availability of information to Congress on certain allegations of wrongdoing closed without referral. 
 
 Sec. 5234.  
 Semiannual report. 
 
 Sec. 5235.  
 Additional reports. 
 
 Sec. 5236.  
 Requirement to report final disposition to Congress. 
 
 Sec. 5237.  
 Investigations of Offices of Inspector General of establishments by the Integrity Committee. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Notice of Ongoing Investigations When There Is a Change in Status of Inspector General 
 
 Sec. 5241.  
 Notice of ongoing investigations when there is a change in status of Inspector General. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency Report on Expenditures 
 
 Sec. 5251.  
 CIGIE report on expenditures. 136 STAT. 2418 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Notice of Refusal to Provide Inspectors General Access 
 
 Sec. 5261.  
 Notice of refusal to provide information or assistance to Inspectors General. 
 
 Subtitle G— 
 Training Resources for Inspectors General and Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 5271.  
 Training resources for Inspectors General. 
 
 Sec. 5272.  
 Definition of appropriate congressional committees. 
 
 Sec. 5273.  
 Semiannual reports. 
 
 Sec. 5274.  
 Submission of reports that specifically identify non-governmental organizations or business entities. 
 
 Sec. 5275.  
 Review relating to vetting, processing, and resettlement of evacuees from Afghanistan and the Afghanistan special immigrant visa program. 
 
 TITLE LIII— 
 OVERSIGHT AND REFORM MATTERS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 General Provisions 
 
 Sec. 5301.  
 Access for Veterans to Records. 
 
 Sec. 5302.  
 ONDCP supplemental strategies. 
 
 Sec. 5303.  
 Performance Enhancement. 
 
 Sec. 5304.  
 Appeals to merit systems protection board relating to FBI reprisal allegations; salary of Special Counsel. 
 
 Sec. 5305.  
 Fairness for Federal firefighters. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 PLUM Act of 2022 
 
 Sec. 5321.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5322.  
 Establishment of public website on government policy and supporting positions. 
 
 TITLE LIV— 
 21ST CENTURY ASSISTIVE TECHNOLOGY ACT 
 
 Sec. 5401.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5402.  
 Reauthorization. 
 
 Sec. 5403.  
 Effective date. 
 
 TITLE LV— 
 FOREIGN AFFAIRS MATTERS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Taiwan Enhanced Resilience Act 
 
 Sec. 5501.  
 Short title. 
 
 Part 1— 
 Implementation of an Enhanced Defense Partnership Between the United States and Taiwan 
 
 Sec. 5502.  
 Modernizing Taiwan’s security capabilities to deter and, if necessary, defeat aggression by the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Sec. 5503.  
 Increase in annual regional contingency stockpile additions and support for Taiwan. 
 
 Sec. 5504.  
 International military education and training cooperation with Taiwan. 
 
 Sec. 5505.  
 Additional authorities to support Taiwan. 
 
 Sec. 5506.  
 Multi-year plan to fulfill defensive requirements of military forces of Taiwan. 
 
 Sec. 5507.  
 Fast-tracking sales to Taiwan under Foreign Military Sales program. 
 
 Sec. 5508.  
 Arms exports delivery solutions for Taiwan and United States allies in the Indo-Pacific. 
 
 Sec. 5509.  
 Assessment of Taiwan’s needs for civilian defense and resilience. 
 
 Sec. 5510.  
 Annual report on Taiwan defensive military capabilities and intelligence support. 
 
 Sec. 5511.  
 Findings and statement of policy. 
 
 Sec. 5512.  
 Sense of Congress on Taiwan defense relations. 
 
 Part 2— 
 Countering People’s Republic of China’s Coercion and Influence Campaigns 
 
 Sec. 5513.  
 Strategy to respond to influence and information operations targeting Taiwan. 
 
 Sec. 5514.  
 Task force to counter economic coercion by the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Sec. 5515.  
 China censorship monitor and action group. 
 
 Part 3— 
 Inclusion of Taiwan in International Organizations 
 
 Sec. 5516.  
 Findings. 
 
 Sec. 5517.  
 Sense of Congress on Taiwan’s meaningful participation in the international community. 136 STAT. 2419 
 
 Sec. 5518.  
 Strategy to support Taiwan’s meaningful participation in international organizations. 
 
 Sec. 5519.  
 Meaningful participation of Taiwan in the International Civil Aviation Organization. 
 
 Part 4— 
 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 
 Sec. 5520.  
 Report on Taiwan Travel Act. 
 
 Sec. 5521.  
 Amendments to the Taiwan Allies International Protection and Enhancement Initiative (Taipei) Act of 2019. 
 
 Sec. 5522.  
 Report on role of People’s Republic of China’s nuclear threat in escalation dynamics. 
 
 Sec. 5523.  
 Report analyzing the impact of Russia’s war against Ukraine on the objectives of the People’s Republic of China with respect to Taiwan. 
 
 Sec. 5524.  
 Expanding United States-Taiwan development cooperation. 
 
 Sec. 5525.  
 Sense of congress on expanding United States economic relations with Taiwan. 
 
 Part 5— 
 Supporting United States Educational and Exchange Programs With Taiwan 
 
 Sec. 5526.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5527.  
 Findings. 
 
 Sec. 5528.  
 Purposes. 
 
 Sec. 5529.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 5530.  
 Taiwan Fellowship Program. 
 
 Sec. 5531.  
 Reports and audits. 
 
 Sec. 5532.  
 Taiwan fellows on detail from government service. 
 
 Sec. 5533.  
 Funding. 
 
 Sec. 5534.  
 Study and report. 
 
 Sec. 5535.  
 Supporting United States educational and exchange programs with Taiwan. 
 
 Part 6— 
 United States-Taiwan Public Health Protection 
 
 Sec. 5536.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5537.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 5538.  
 Study on an infectious disease monitoring center. 
 
 Part 7— 
 Rules of Construction 
 
 Sec. 5539.  
 Rule of construction. 
 
 Sec. 5540.  
 Rule of construction regarding the use of military force. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 United States-Ecuador Partnership Act of 2022 
 
 Sec. 5541.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5542.  
 Sense of Congress. 
 
 Sec. 5543.  
 Facilitating economic and commercial ties. 
 
 Sec. 5544.  
 Promoting inclusive economic development. 
 
 Sec. 5545.  
 Combating illicit economies, corruption, and negative foreign influence. 
 
 Sec. 5546.  
 Strengthening democratic governance. 
 
 Sec. 5547.  
 Fostering conservation and stewardship. 
 
 Sec. 5548.  
 Authorization to transfer excess Coast Guard vessels. 
 
 Sec. 5549.  
 Reporting requirements. 
 
 Sec. 5550.  
 Sunset. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 FENTANYL Results Act 
 
 Sec. 5551.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5552.  
 Prioritization of efforts of the Department of State to combat international trafficking in covered synthetic drugs. 
 
 Sec. 5553.  
 Program to provide assistance to build the capacity of foreign law enforcement agencies with respect to covered synthetic drugs. 
 
 Sec. 5554.  
 Exchange program on demand reduction matters relating to illicit use of covered synthetic drugs. 
 
 Sec. 5555.  
 Amendments to international narcotics control program. 
 
 Sec. 5556.  
 Sense of Congress. 
 
 Sec. 5557.  
 Rule of construction. 
 
 Sec. 5558.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 International Pandemic Preparedness 
 
 Sec. 5559.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5560.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 5561.  
 Enhancing the United States’ international response to pandemics. 
 
 Sec. 5562.  
 International pandemic prevention and preparedness. 136 STAT. 2420 
 
 Sec. 5563.  
 Financial Intermediary Fund for Pandemic Prevention, Preparedness, and Response. 
 
 Sec. 5564.  
 General provisions. 
 
 Sec. 5565.  
 Sunset. 
 
 Sec. 5566.  
 Rule of construction. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Burma Act of 2022 
 
 Sec. 5567.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5568.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Part 1— 
 Matters Relating to the Conflict in Burma 
 
 Sec. 5569.  
 Statement of policy. 
 
 Part 2— 
 Sanctions and Policy Coordination With Respect to Burma 
 
 Sec. 5570.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 5571.  
 Imposition of sanctions with respect to human rights abuses and perpetration of a coup in Burma. 
 
 Sec. 5572.  
 Sanctions and policy coordination for Burma. 
 
 Sec. 5573.  
 Support for greater United Nations action with respect to Burma. 
 
 Sec. 5574.  
 Sunset. 
 
 Part 3— 
 Authorizations of Appropriations for Assistance for Burma 
 
 Sec. 5575.  
 General authorization of appropriations. 
 
 Sec. 5576.  
 Limitations. 
 
 Sec. 5577.  
 Appropriate congressional committees defined. 
 
 Part 4— 
 Efforts Against Human Rights Abuses 
 
 Sec. 5578.  
 Authorization to provide technical assistance for efforts against human rights abuses. 
 
 Part 5— 
 Sanctions Exception Relating to Importation of Goods 
 
 Sec. 5579.  
 Sanctions exception relating to importation of goods. 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Promotion of Freedom of Information and Countering of Censorship and Surveillance in North Korea 
 
 Sec. 5580.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5581.  
 Findings; sense of Congress. 
 
 Sec. 5582.  
 Statement of policy. 
 
 Sec. 5583.  
 United States strategy to combat North Korea’s repressive information environment. 
 
 Sec. 5584.  
 Promoting freedom of information and countering censorship and surveillance in North Korea. 
 
 Subtitle G— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 5585.  
 Congressional notification for rewards paid using cryptocurrencies. 
 
 Sec. 5586.  
 Secure access to sanitation facilities for women and girls. 
 
 Sec. 5587.  
 Reauthorization of the Tropical Forest and Coral Reef Conservation Act of 1998. 
 
 Sec. 5588.  
 Global Food Security Reauthorization Act of 2022. 
 
 Sec. 5589.  
 Extension and modification of certain export controls. 
 
 Sec. 5590.  
 Imposition of sanctions with respect to the sale, supply, or transfer of gold to or from Russia. 
 
 Sec. 5591.  
 Renegotiation of Compacts of Free Association. 
 
 Sec. 5592.  
 Secretary of State assistance for prisoners in Islamic Republic of Iran. 
 
 Sec. 5593.  
 Iran Nuclear Weapons Capability and Terrorism Monitoring Act of 2022. 
 
 Subtitle H— 
 Reports 
 
 Sec. 5594.  
 Modification to peacekeeping operations report. 
 
 Sec. 5595.  
 Report on Indo-Pacific region. 
 
 Sec. 5596.  
 Report on humanitarian situation and food security in Lebanon. 
 
 Sec. 5597.  
 Statement of policy and report on engaging with Niger. 
 
 Sec. 5598.  
 Report on bilateral security and law enforcement cooperation with Mexico. 
 
 Sec. 5599.  
 Report on Chinese support to Russia with respect to its unprovoked invasion of and full-scale war against Ukraine. 
 
 Sec. 5599A.  
 Feasibility study on United States support for and participation in the international counterterrorism academy in Côte d’Ivoire. 
 
 Sec. 5599B.  
 Consultations on reuniting Korean Americans with family members in North Korea. 136 STAT. 2421 
 
 Subtitle I— 
 Sense of Congress Provisions 
 
 Sec. 5599C.  
 Sense of Congress regarding the status of China. 
 
 Sec. 5599D.  
 Sense of Congress regarding Israel. 
 
 Sec. 5599E.  
 Sense of Congress relating to the NATO Parliamentary Assembly. 
 
 Sec. 5599F.  
 Condemning detention and indictment of Russian opposition leader Vladimir Vladimirovich Kara-Murza. 
 
 Sec. 5599G.  
 Sense of Congress regarding development of nuclear weapons by Iran. 
 
 TITLE LVI— 
 TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE 
 
 Sec. 5601.  
 Designation of small State and rural advocate. 
 
 Sec. 5602.  
 Flexibility. 
 
 Sec. 5603.  
 Preliminary damage assessment. 
 
 Sec. 5604.  
 Letter of deviation authority. 
 
 Sec. 5605.  
 Recognizing FEMA support. 
 
 TITLE LVII— 
 FINANCIAL SERVICES MATTERS 
 
 Sec. 5701.  
 United States policy on World Bank Group and Asian Development Bank assistance to the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Sec. 5702.   
 Support for international initiatives to provide debt restructuring or relief to developing countries with unsustainable levels of debt. 
 
 Sec. 5703.  
 Ukraine debt payment relief. 
 
 Sec. 5704.  
 Isolate Russian Government Officials Act of 2022. 
 
 Sec. 5705.  
 Fair hiring in banking. 
 
 Sec. 5706.  
 Banking Transparency for Sanctioned Persons Act of 2022. 
 
 Sec. 5707.  
 Flexibility in addressing rural homelessness. 
 
 Sec. 5708.  
 Master account and services database. 
 
 TITLE LVIII— 
 FINANCIAL DATA TRANSPARENCY 
 
 Sec. 5801.  
 Short title. 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Data Standards for Covered Agencies; Department of the Treasury Rulemaking 
 
 Sec. 5811.  
 Data standards. 
 
 Sec. 5812.  
 Open data publication by the Department of the Treasury. 
 
 Sec. 5813.  
 No new disclosure requirements. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 Sec. 5821.  
 Data standards requirements for the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Sec. 5822.  
 Open data publication by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Sec. 5823.  
 Data transparency relating to municipal securities. 
 
 Sec. 5824.  
 Data transparency at national securities associations. 
 
 Sec. 5825.  
 Shorter-term burden reduction and disclosure simplification at the Securities and Exchange Commission; sunset. 
 
 Sec. 5826.  
 No new disclosure requirements. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation 
 
 Sec. 5831.  
 Data standards requirements for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
 
 Sec. 5832.  
 Open data publication by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
 
 Sec. 5833.  
 Rulemaking. 
 
 Sec. 5834.  
 No new disclosure requirements. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
 
 Sec. 5841.  
 Data standards and open data publication requirements for the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. 
 
 Sec. 5842.  
 Rulemaking. 
 
 Sec. 5843.  
 No new disclosure requirements. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection 
 
 Sec. 5851.  
 Data standards and open data publication requirements for the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. 
 
 Sec. 5852.  
 Rulemaking. 
 
 Sec. 5853.  
 No new disclosure requirements. 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Federal Reserve System 
 
 Sec. 5861.  
 Data standards requirements for the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 
 Sec. 5862.  
 Open data publication by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 136 STAT. 2422 
 
 Sec. 5863.  
 Rulemaking. 
 
 Sec. 5864.  
 No new disclosure requirements. 
 
 Subtitle G— 
 National Credit Union Administration 
 
 Sec. 5871.  
 Data standards. 
 
 Sec. 5872.  
 Open data publication by the National Credit Union Administration. 
 
 Sec. 5873.  
 Rulemaking. 
 
 Sec. 5874.  
 No new disclosure requirements. 
 
 Subtitle H— 
 Federal Housing Finance Agency 
 
 Sec. 5881.  
 Data standards requirements for the Federal Housing Finance Agency. 
 
 Sec. 5882.  
 Open data publication by the Federal Housing Finance Agency. 
 
 Sec. 5883.  
 Rulemaking. 
 
 Sec. 5884.  
 No new disclosure requirements. 
 
 Subtitle I— 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 Sec. 5891.  
 Rules of construction. 
 
 Sec. 5892.  
 Classified and protected information. 
 
 Sec. 5893.  
 Report. 
 
 TITLE LIX— 
 OTHER MATTERS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Judiciary Matters 
 
 Sec. 5901.  
 Extension of admission to Guam or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands for certain nonimmigrant H–2B workers. 
 
 Sec. 5902.  
 Eligibility of Portuguese traders and investors for E–1 and E–2 nonimmigrant visas. 
 
 Sec. 5903.  
 Incentives for States to create sexual assault survivors’ bill of rights. 
 
 Sec. 5904.  
 Extending the statute of limitations for certain money laundering offenses. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Science, Space, and Technology Matters 
 
 Sec. 5911.  
 Financial assistance for construction of test beds and specialized facilities. 
 
 Sec. 5912.  
 Reports on arctic research, budget, and spending. 
 
 Sec. 5913.  
 National research and development strategy for distributed ledger technology. 
 
 Sec. 5914.  
 Technical corrections. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 FedRamp Authorization Act 
 
 Sec. 5921.  
 FedRAMP Authorization Act. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Judicial Security and Privacy 
 
 Sec. 5931.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 5932.  
 Findings and purpose. 
 
 Sec. 5933.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 5934.  
 Protecting covered information in public records. 
 
 Sec. 5935.  
 Training and education. 
 
 Sec. 5936.  
 Vulnerability management capability. 
 
 Sec. 5937.  
 Rules of construction. 
 
 Sec. 5938.  
 Severability. 
 
 Sec. 5939.  
 Effective date. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 5941.  
 Secretary of Agriculture report on improving supply chain shortfalls and infrastructure needs at wholesale produce markets. 
 
 Sec. 5942.  
 Extension of deadline for transfer of parcels of land in New Mexico. 
 
 Sec. 5943.  
 Ending global wildlife poaching and trafficking. 
 
 Sec. 5944.  
 Cost-sharing requirements applicable to certain Bureau of Reclamation dams and dikes. 
 
 Sec. 5945.  
 Transfer of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration property in Norfolk, Virginia. 
 
 Sec. 5946.  
 Other matters. 
 
 Sec. 5947.  
 Enhancing transparency on international agreements and non-binding instruments. 
 
 Sec. 5948.  
 Ukraine Invasion War Crimes Deterrence and Accountability Act. 
 
 Sec. 5949.  
 Prohibition on certain semiconductor products and services. 
 
 DIVISION F— 
 INTELLIGENCE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2023 
 
 Sec. 6001.  
 Short title; table of contents. 136 STAT. 2423 
 
 Sec. 6002.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 6003.  
 Explanatory statement. 
 
 TITLE LXI— 
 INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 
 
 Sec. 6101.  
 Authorization of appropriations. 
 
 Sec. 6102.  
 Classified Schedule of Authorizations. 
 
 Sec. 6103.  
 Intelligence Community Management Account. 
 
 Sec. 6104.  
 Restriction on conduct of intelligence activities. 
 
 Sec. 6105.  
 Increase in employee compensation and benefits authorized by law. 
 
 TITLE LXII— 
 CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT AND DISABILITY SYSTEM 
 
 Sec. 6201.  
 Authorization of appropriations. 
 
 TITLE LXIII— 
 GENERAL INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MATTERS 
 
 Sec. 6301.  
 Modification of requirements for certain employment activities by former intelligence officers and employees. 
 
 Sec. 6302.  
 Counterintelligence and national security protections for intelligence community grant funding. 
 
 Sec. 6303.  
 Extension of Central Intelligence Agency law enforcement jurisdiction to facilities of Office of Director of National Intelligence. 
 
 Sec. 6304.  
 Annual reports on status of recommendations of Comptroller General of the United States for the Director of National Intelligence. 
 
 Sec. 6305.  
 Timely submission of classified intelligence budget justification materials. 
 
 Sec. 6306.  
 Copyright protection for civilian faculty of the National Intelligence University. 
 
 Sec. 6307.  
 Modifications to Foreign Malign Influence Response Center. 
 
 Sec. 6308.  
 Requirement to offer cyber protection support for personnel of intelligence community in positions highly vulnerable to cyber attack. 
 
 Sec. 6309.  
 Enforcement of cybersecurity requirements for national security systems. 
 
 Sec. 6310.  
 Review and briefing on intelligence community activities under Executive Order 12333. 
 
 Sec. 6311.  
 Assessing intelligence community open-source support for export controls and foreign investment screening. 
 
 Sec. 6312.  
 Annual training requirement and report regarding analytic standards. 
 
 Sec. 6313.  
 Review of Joint Intelligence Community Council. 
 
 Sec. 6314.  
 Required policy for minimum insider threat standards. 
 
 Sec. 6315.  
 Unfunded priorities of the intelligence community. 
 
 Sec. 6316.  
 Submission of covered documents and classified annexes. 
 
 Sec. 6317.  
 Improvements to program on recruitment and training. 
 
 Sec. 6318.  
 Measures to mitigate counterintelligence threats from proliferation and use of foreign commercial spyware. 
 
 Sec. 6319.  
 Personnel vetting performance measures. 
 
 Sec. 6320.  
 Proactive cybersecurity. 
 
 TITLE LXIV— 
 MATTERS RELATING TO ELEMENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Office of the Director of National Intelligence 
 
 Sec. 6401.  
 Modifications to responsibilities and authorities of Director of National Intelligence. 
 
 Sec. 6402.  
 Annual submission to Congress of National Intelligence Priorities Framework. 
 
 Sec. 6403.  
 Disposition of records of Office of the Director of National Intelligence. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Central Intelligence Agency 
 
 Sec. 6411.  
 Clarification regarding protection of Central Intelligence Agency functions. 
 
 Sec. 6412.  
 Expansion of reporting requirements relating to authority to pay personnel of Central Intelligence Agency for certain injuries to the brain. 
 
 Sec. 6413.  
 Historical Advisory Panel of Central Intelligence Agency. 
 
 Sec. 6414.  
 Authority of Central Intelligence Agency to provide protection for certain personnel. 
 
 Sec. 6415.  
 Notification of use of certain expenditure authorities. 
 
 Sec. 6416.  
 Office supporting Central Intelligence Agency workforce wellbeing. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Elements of the Defense Intelligence Enterprise 
 
 Sec. 6421.  
 Inclusion of Space Force as element of intelligence community. 136 STAT. 2424 
 
 Sec. 6422.  
 Oversight of Defense Intelligence Agency culture. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Other Elements 
 
 Sec. 6431.  
 Modification of advisory board in National Reconnaissance Office. 
 
 Sec. 6432.  
 Establishment of advisory board for National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. 
 
 Sec. 6433.  
 Elevation of the commercial and business operations office of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. 
 
 Sec. 6435.  
 Study on personnel under Strategic Intelligence Partnership Program. 
 
 Sec. 6436.  
 Briefing on coordination between intelligence community and Bureau of Industry and Security. 
 
 TITLE LXV— 
 MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Intelligence Matters Relating to the People’s Republic of China 
 
 Sec. 6501.  
 Report on wealth and corrupt activities of the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party. 
 
 Sec. 6502.  
 Identification and threat assessment of companies with investments by the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Sec. 6503.  
 Intelligence community working group for monitoring the economic and technological capabilities of the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Sec. 6504.  
 Annual report on concentrated reeducation camps in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Sec. 6505.  
 Assessments of production of semiconductors by the People’s Republic of China. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Miscellaneous Authorities, Requirements, and Limitations 
 
 Sec. 6511.  
 Notice of deployment or transfer of containerized missile systems by Russia, China, or Iran. 
 
 Sec. 6512.  
 Intelligence community coordinator for Russian atrocities accountability. 
 
 Sec. 6513.  
 Lead intelligence community coordinator for countering and neutralizing proliferation of Iran-origin unmanned aircraft systems. 
 
 Sec. 6514.  
 Collaboration between intelligence community and Department of Commerce to counter foreign commercial threats. 
 
 Sec. 6515.  
 Intelligence assessment on foreign weaponization of advertisement technology data. 
 
 Sec. 6516.  
 Intelligence community assessment regarding Russian gray zone assets. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Reports and Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 6521.  
 Report on assessing will to fight. 
 
 Sec. 6522.  
 Report on threat from hypersonic weapons. 
 
 Sec. 6523.  
 Report on ordnance of Russia and China. 
 
 Sec. 6524.  
 Report on activities of China and Russia targeting Latin America and the Caribbean. 
 
 Sec. 6525.  
 Report on support provided by China to Russia. 
 
 Sec. 6526.  
 Report on global CCP financing of port infrastructure. 
 
 Sec. 6527.  
 Sense of Congress on provision of support by intelligence community for atrocity prevention and accountability. 
 
 TITLE LXVI— 
 INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY WORKFORCE MATTERS 
 
 Sec. 6601.  
 Improving onboarding of personnel in intelligence community. 
 
 Sec. 6602.  
 Report on legislative action required to implement Trusted Workforce 2.0 initiative. 
 
 Sec. 6603.  
 Inspector General of the Intelligence Community assessment of administration of polygraphs in intelligence community. 
 
 Sec. 6604.  
 Timeliness in the administration of polygraphs. 
 
 Sec. 6605.  
 Policy on submittal of applications for access to classified information for certain personnel. 
 
 Sec. 6606.  
 Technical correction regarding Federal policy on sharing of covered insider threat information. 
 
 Sec. 6607.  
 Inspector General of the Intelligence Community report on use of space certified as sensitive compartmented information facilities. 
 
 Sec. 6608.  
 Improving prohibition of certain personnel practices in intelligence community with respect to contractor employees. 
 
 Sec. 6609.  
 Definitions regarding whistleblower complaints and information of urgent concern received by inspectors general of the intelligence community. 
 
 TITLE LXVII— 
 MATTERS RELATING TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 General Matters 
 
 Sec. 6701.  
 Definitions. 136 STAT. 2425 
 
 Sec. 6702.  
 Additional responsibilities of Director of National Intelligence for artificial intelligence policies, standards, and guidance for the intelligence community. 
 
 Sec. 6703.  
 Director of Science and Technology. 
 
 Sec. 6704.  
 Intelligence Community Chief Data Officer. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Improvements Relating to Procurement 
 
 Sec. 6711.  
 Additional transaction authority. 
 
 Sec. 6712.  
 Implementation plan and advisability study for offices of commercial integration. 
 
 Sec. 6713.  
 Pilot program on designated emerging technology transition projects. 
 
 Sec. 6714.  
 Harmonization of authorizations to operate. 
 
 Sec. 6715.  
 Plan to expand sensitive compartmented information facility access by certain contractors; reports on expansion of security clearances for certain contractors. 
 
 Sec. 6716.  
 Compliance by intelligence community with requirements of Federal Acquisition Regulation relating to commercially available off-the-shelf items and commercial services. 
 
 Sec. 6717.  
 Policy on required user adoption metrics in certain contracts for artificial intelligence and emerging technology software products. 
 
 Sec. 6718.  
 Certification relating to information technology and software systems. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Reports 
 
 Sec. 6721.  
 Reports on integration of artificial intelligence within intelligence community. 
 
 Sec. 6722.  
 Report on potential benefits of establishment of ICWERX. 
 
 Sec. 6723.  
 Requirements and report on workforce needs of intelligence community relating to science, technology, engineering, and math, and related areas. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Talent, Education, and Training 
 
 Sec. 6731.  
 Report on establishment of technology acquisition cadre. 
 
 Sec. 6732.  
 Emerging technology education and training. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 6741.  
 Improvements to use of commercial software products. 
 
 Sec. 6742.  
 Code-free artificial intelligence enablement tools policy. 
 
 TITLE LXVIII— 
 OTHER MATTERS 
 
 Sec. 6801.  
 Improvements relating to continuity of Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board membership. 
 
 Sec. 6802.  
 Modification of requirement for office to address unidentified anomalous phenomena. 
 
 Sec. 6803.  
 Comptroller General of the United States audits and briefings on unidentified anomalous phenomena historical record report. 
 
 Sec. 6804.  
 Report on precursor chemicals used in the production of synthetic opioids. 
 
 Sec. 6805.  
 Assessment and report on mass migration in the Western Hemisphere. 
 
 Sec. 6806.  
 Report on international norms, rules, and principles applicable in space. 
 
 Sec. 6807.  
 Assessments of the effects of sanctions imposed with respect to the Russian Federation’s invasion of Ukraine. 
 
 Sec. 6808.  
 Assessment of impact of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine on food security. 
 
 Sec. 6809.  
 Pilot program for Director of Federal Bureau of Investigation to undertake an effort to identify International Mobile Subscriber Identity-catchers. 
 
 Sec. 6810.  
 Department of State Bureau of Intelligence and Research assessment of anomalous health incidents. 
 
 Sec. 6811.  
 Repeal and modification of certain reporting and briefing requirements. 
 
 Sec. 6812.  
 Increased intelligence-related engineering, research, and development capabilities of minority institutions. 
 
 Sec. 6813.  
 Reports on personnel vetting processes and progress under Trusted Workforce 2.0 initiative. 
 
 Sec. 6814.  
 Reports relating to programs of record of National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. 
 
 Sec. 6815.  
 Plan regarding Social Media Data and Threat Analysis Center. 
 
 Sec. 6816.  
 Report on use of publicly available social media information in personnel vetting determinations. 
 
 Sec. 6817.  
 Report on strengthening workforce diversity planning and oversight. 
 
 Sec. 6818.  
 Report on transition of National Reconnaissance Office to digital engineering environment. 136 STAT. 2426 
 
 Sec. 6819.  
 Briefing on Department of Homeland Security intelligence activities. 
 
 Sec. 6820.  
 Report on declassification efforts of Central Intelligence Agency. 
 
 Sec. 6821.  
 Report on National Space Intelligence Center. 
 
 Sec. 6822.  
 Report on implementation of Executive Order 13556, regarding controlled unclassified information. 
 
 Sec. 6823.  
 National Museum of Intelligence and Special Operations. 
 
 Sec. 6824.  
 Technical corrections. 
 
 DIVISION G— 
 HOMELAND SECURITY 
 
 TITLE LXXI— 
 HOMELAND SECURITY MATTERS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Strengthening Security in Our Communities 
 
 Sec. 7101.  
 Enhancements to funding and administration of Nonprofit Security Grant Program of the Department of Homeland Security. 
 
 Sec. 7102.  
 Preservation of homeland security capabilities. 
 
 Sec. 7103.  
 School and daycare protection. 
 
 Sec. 7104.  
 Cybersecurity grants for schools. 
 
 Sec. 7105.  
 Transnational Criminal Investigative Unit Stipend. 
 
 Sec. 7106.  
 Chemical Security Analysis Center. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Strengthening DHS Management, Policymaking, and Operations 
 
 Sec. 7111.  
 Joint Task Forces of the Department of Homeland Security. 
 
 Sec. 7112.  
 Homeland Procurement Reform Act. 
 
 Sec. 7113.  
 Daily public report of covered contract awards. 
 
 Sec. 7114.  
 Preference for United States industry. 
 
 Sec. 7115.  
 Department of Homeland Security mentor-protégé program. 
 
 Sec. 7116.  
 DHS economic security council. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Enhancing Cybersecurity Training and Operations 
 
 Sec. 7121.  
 President’s Cup Cybersecurity Competition. 
 
 Sec. 7122.  
 Industrial control systems cybersecurity training. 
 
 Sec. 7123.  
 National Computer Forensics Institute reauthorization. 
 
 Sec. 7124.  
 Report on cybersecurity roles and responsibilities of the Department of Homeland Security. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Enhancing Transportation and Border Security Operations 
 
 Sec. 7131.  
 TSA reaching across nationalities, societies, and languages to advance traveler education. 
 
 Sec. 7132.  
 One-stop pilot program. 
 
 Sec. 7133.  
 Report on efforts of the Department of Homeland Security to deter vehicular terrorist attacks (Darren Drake). 
 
 Sec. 7134.  
 DHS illicit cross-border tunnel defense. 
 
 Sec. 7135.  
 Providing training for U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel on the use of containment devices to prevent secondary exposure to fentanyl and other potentially lethal substances. 
 
 Sec. 7136.  
 Reports, evaluations, and research regarding drug interdiction at and between ports of entry. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Technical Corrections, Conforming Changes, and Improvements 
 
 Sec. 7141.  
 Quadrennial homeland security review technical corrections. 
 
 Sec. 7142.  
 Technical, conforming, and clerical amendments. 
 
 Sec. 7143.  
 CISA technical corrections and improvements. 
 
 TITLE LXXII— 
 GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Intragovernmental Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act 
 
 Sec. 7201.  
 Requirement for information sharing agreements. 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Improving Government for America’s Taxpayers 
 
 Sec. 7211.  
 Government Accountability Office unimplemented priority recommendations. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Advancing American AI Act 
 
 Sec. 7221.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 7222.  
 Purposes. 
 
 Sec. 7223.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 7224.  
 Principles and policies for use of artificial intelligence in Government. 
 
 Sec. 7225.  
 Agency inventories and artificial intelligence use cases. 
 
 Sec. 7226.  
 Rapid pilot, deployment and scale of applied artificial intelligence capabilities to demonstrate modernization activities related to use cases. 136 STAT. 2427 
 
 Sec. 7227.  
 Enabling entrepreneurs and agency missions. 
 
 Sec. 7228.  
 Intelligence community exception. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Strategic EV Management 
 
 Sec. 7231.  
 Short Title. 
 
 Sec. 7232.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 7233.  
 Strategic guidance. 
 
 Sec. 7234.  
 Study of Federal fleet vehicles. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Congressionally Mandated Reports 
 
 Sec. 7241.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 7242.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 7243.  
 Establishment of online portal for congressionally mandated reports. 
 
 Sec. 7244.  
 Federal agency responsibilities. 
 
 Sec. 7245.  
 Changing or removing reports. 
 
 Sec. 7246.  
 Withholding of information. 
 
 Sec. 7247.  
 Implementation. 
 
 Sec. 7248.  
 Determination of budgetary effects. 
 
 TITLE LXXIII— 
 TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE MATTERS 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Global Catastrophic Risk Management Act of 2022 
 
 Sec. 7301.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 7302.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 7303.  
 Assessment of global catastrophic risk. 
 
 Sec. 7304.  
 Report required. 
 
 Sec. 7305.  
 Enhanced catastrophic incident annex. 
 
 Sec. 7306.  
 Validation of the strategy through an exercise. 
 
 Sec. 7307.  
 Recommendations. 
 
 Sec. 7308.  
 Reporting requirements. 
 
 Sec. 7309.  
 Rules of construction. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Technological Hazards Preparedness and Training 
 
 Sec. 7311.  
 Short title. 
 
 Sec. 7312.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 7313.  
 Assistance and training for communities with technological hazards and related emerging threats. 
 
 Sec. 7314.  
 Authorization of appropriations. 
 
 Sec. 7315.  
 Savings provision. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 7321.  
 Crisis counseling assistance and training. 
 
 DIVISION H— 
 WATER RESOURCES 
 
 TITLE LXXXI— 
 WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT OF 2022 
 
 Sec. 8001.  
 Short title; table of contents. 
 
 Sec. 8002.  
 Secretary defined. 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 General Provisions 
 
 Sec. 8101.  
 Federal breakwaters and jetties. 
 
 Sec. 8102.  
 Emergency response to natural disasters. 
 
 Sec. 8103.  
 Shoreline and riverbank protection and restoration mission. 
 
 Sec. 8104.  
 Floodplain management services. 
 
 Sec. 8105.  
 Public recreational amenities in ecosystem restoration projects. 
 
 Sec. 8106.  
 Scope of feasibility studies. 
 
 Sec. 8107.  
 Water supply conservation. 
 
 Sec. 8108.  
 Managed aquifer recharge study and working group. 
 
 Sec. 8109.  
 Updates to certain water control manuals. 
 
 Sec. 8110.  
 National coastal mapping study. 
 
 Sec. 8111.  
 Tribal partnership program. 
 
 Sec. 8112.  
 Tribal Liaison. 
 
 Sec. 8113.  
 Tribal assistance. 
 
 Sec. 8114.  
 Cost sharing provisions for the territories and Indian Tribes. 
 
 Sec. 8115.  
 Tribal and Economically Disadvantaged Communities Advisory Committee. 
 
 Sec. 8116.  
 Workforce planning. 
 
 Sec. 8117.  
 Corps of Engineers support for underserved communities; outreach. 
 
 Sec. 8118.  
 Pilot programs for certain communities. 
 
 Sec. 8119.  
 Technical assistance. 136 STAT. 2428 
 
 Sec. 8120.  
 Technical assistance for levee inspections. 
 
 Sec. 8121.  
 Assessment of Corps of Engineers levees. 
 
 Sec. 8122.  
 National low-head dam inventory. 
 
 Sec. 8123.  
 Expediting hydropower at Corps of Engineers facilities. 
 
 Sec. 8124.  
 Reserve component training at water resources development projects. 
 
 Sec. 8125.  
 Payment of pay and allowances of certain officers from appropriation for improvements. 
 
 Sec. 8126.  
 Maintenance dredging permits. 
 
 Sec. 8127.  
 Environmental dredging. 
 
 Sec. 8128.  
 Assessment of regional confined aquatic disposal facilities. 
 
 Sec. 8129.  
 Studies for periodic nourishment. 
 
 Sec. 8130.  
 Beneficial use of dredged material; management plans. 
 
 Sec. 8131.  
 Criteria for funding operation and maintenance of small, remote, and subsistence harbors. 
 
 Sec. 8132.  
 Additional projects for underserved community harbors. 
 
 Sec. 8133.  
 Inland waterways regional dredge pilot program. 
 
 Sec. 8134.  
 NEPA reporting. 
 
 Sec. 8135.  
 Funding to process permits. 
 
 Sec. 8136.  
 Lease durations. 
 
 Sec. 8137.  
 Reforestation. 
 
 Sec. 8138.  
 Emergency streambank and shoreline protection. 
 
 Sec. 8139.  
 Lease deviations. 
 
 Sec. 8140.  
 Policy and technical standards. 
 
 Sec. 8141.  
 Corps records relating to harmful algal blooms in Lake Okeechobee, Florida. 
 
 Sec. 8142.  
 Forecasting models for the Great Lakes. 
 
 Sec. 8143.  
 Monitoring and assessment program for saline lakes in the Great Basin. 
 
 Sec. 8144.  
 Chattahoochee River program. 
 
 Sec. 8145.  
 Lower Mississippi River Basin demonstration program. 
 
 Sec. 8146.  
 Washington Aqueduct. 
 
 Sec. 8147.  
 Water infrastructure public-private partnership pilot program. 
 
 Sec. 8148.  
 Advance payment in lieu of reimbursement for certain Federal costs. 
 
 Sec. 8149.  
 Use of other Federal funds. 
 
 Sec. 8150.  
 Non-Federal Interest Advisory Committee. 
 
 Sec. 8151.  
 Materials, services, and funds for repair, restoration, or rehabilitation of certain public recreation facilities. 
 
 Sec. 8152.  
 Rehabilitation of pump stations. 
 
 Sec. 8153.  
 Report to Congress on Corps of Engineers reservoirs. 
 
 Sec. 8154.  
 Temporary relocation assistance pilot program. 
 
 Sec. 8155.  
 Continuation of construction. 
 
 Sec. 8156.  
 Federal interest determination. 
 
 Sec. 8157.  
 Inland waterway projects. 
 
 Sec. 8158.  
 Corps of Engineers Western Water Cooperative Committee. 
 
 Sec. 8159.  
 Support of Army civil works missions. 
 
 Sec. 8160.  
 Civil works research and development. 
 
 Sec. 8161.  
 Sense of Congress on operations and maintenance of recreation sites. 
 
 Sec. 8162.  
 Sense of Congress relating to post-disaster repairs. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Studies and Reports 
 
 Sec. 8201.  
 Authorization of proposed feasibility studies. 
 
 Sec. 8202.  
 Expedited completion. 
 
 Sec. 8203.  
 Expedited modifications of existing feasibility studies. 
 
 Sec. 8204.  
 Corps of Engineers reservoir sedimentation assessment. 
 
 Sec. 8205.  
 Report and recommendations on dredge capacity. 
 
 Sec. 8206.  
 Assessment of impacts from changing operation and maintenance responsibilities. 
 
 Sec. 8207.  
 Maintenance dredging data. 
 
 Sec. 8208.  
 Western infrastructure study. 
 
 Sec. 8209.  
 Recreation and economic development at Corps facilities in Appalachia. 
 
 Sec. 8210.  
 Ouachita River watershed, Arkansas and Louisiana. 
 
 Sec. 8211.  
 Report on Santa Barbara streams, Lower Mission Creek, California. 
 
 Sec. 8212.  
 Disposition study on Salinas Dam and Reservoir, California. 
 
 Sec. 8213.  
 Excess lands report for Whittier Narrows Dam, California. 
 
 Sec. 8214.  
 Comprehensive central and southern Florida study. 
 
 Sec. 8215.  
 Northern estuaries ecosystem restoration, Florida. 
 
 Sec. 8216.  
 Study on shellfish habitat and seagrass, Florida Central Gulf Coast. 
 
 Sec. 8217.  
 Report on South Florida ecosystem restoration plan implementation. 
 
 Sec. 8218.  
 Great Lakes recreational boating. 
 
 Sec. 8219.  
 Hydraulic evaluation of Upper Mississippi River and Illinois River. 
 
 Sec. 8220.  
 Disposition study on hydropower in the Willamette Valley, Oregon. 
 
 Sec. 8221.  
 Houston Ship Channel Expansion Channel Improvement Project, Texas. 136 STAT. 2429 
 
 Sec. 8222.  
 Sabine–Neches waterway navigation improvement project, Texas. 
 
 Sec. 8223.  
 Norfolk Harbor and Channels, Virginia. 
 
 Sec. 8224.  
 Coastal Virginia, Virginia. 
 
 Sec. 8225.  
 West Virginia hydropower. 
 
 Sec. 8226.  
 Electronic preparation and submission of applications. 
 
 Sec. 8227.  
 Investments for recreation areas. 
 
 Sec. 8228.  
 Automated fee machines. 
 
 Sec. 8229.  
 Review of recreational hazards. 
 
 Sec. 8230.  
 Assessment of coastal flooding mitigation modeling and testing capacity. 
 
 Sec. 8231.  
 Report on socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns. 
 
 Sec. 8232.  
 Report on solar energy opportunities. 
 
 Sec. 8233.  
 Report to Congress on economic valuation of preservation of open space, recreational areas, and habitat associated with project lands. 
 
 Sec. 8234.  
 Report on corrosion prevention activities. 
 
 Sec. 8235.  
 Report to Congress on easements related to water resources development projects. 
 
 Sec. 8236.  
 GAO studies. 
 
 Sec. 8237.  
 Assessment of forest, rangeland, and watershed restoration services on lands owned by the Corps of Engineers. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Deauthorizations and Modifications 
 
 Sec. 8301.  
 Deauthorization of inactive projects. 
 
 Sec. 8302.  
 Watershed and river basin assessments. 
 
 Sec. 8303.  
 Forecast-informed reservoir operations. 
 
 Sec. 8304.  
 Lakes program. 
 
 Sec. 8305.  
 Invasive species. 
 
 Sec. 8306.  
 Maintenance of navigation channels. 
 
 Sec. 8307.  
 Project reauthorizations. 
 
 Sec. 8308.  
 Special rule for certain beach nourishment projects. 
 
 Sec. 8309.  
 Columbia River Basin. 
 
 Sec. 8310.  
 Evaluation of hydrologic changes in Souris River Basin. 
 
 Sec. 8311.  
 Acequias irrigation systems. 
 
 Sec. 8312.  
 Port of Nome, Alaska. 
 
 Sec. 8313.  
 St. George, Alaska. 
 
 Sec. 8314.  
 Unalaska (Dutch Harbor) Channels, Alaska. 
 
 Sec. 8315.  
 Storm damage prevention and reduction, coastal erosion, and ice and glacial damage, Alaska. 
 
 Sec. 8316.  
 St. Francis Lake Control Structure. 
 
 Sec. 8317.  
 South Platte River and Tributaries, Adams and Denver Counties, Colorado. 
 
 Sec. 8318.  
 Fruitvale Avenue Railroad Bridge, Alameda, California. 
 
 Sec. 8319.  
 Los Angeles County, California. 
 
 Sec. 8320.  
 Deauthorization of designated portions of the Los Angeles County Drainage Area, California. 
 
 Sec. 8321.  
 Murrieta Creek, California. 
 
 Sec. 8322.  
 Sacramento River Basin, California. 
 
 Sec. 8323.  
 San Diego River and Mission Bay, San Diego County, California. 
 
 Sec. 8324.  
 Additional assistance for Eastern Santa Clara Basin, California. 
 
 Sec. 8325.  
 San Francisco Bay, California. 
 
 Sec. 8326.  
 South San Francisco Bay Shoreline, California. 
 
 Sec. 8327.  
 Delaware shore protection and restoration. 
 
 Sec. 8328.  
 St. Johns River Basin, Central and Southern Florida. 
 
 Sec. 8329.  
 Little Pass, Clearwater Bay, Florida. 
 
 Sec. 8330.  
 Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan, Florida. 
 
 Sec. 8331.  
 Palm Beach Harbor, Florida. 
 
 Sec. 8332.  
 Port Everglades, Florida. 
 
 Sec. 8333.  
 South Florida Ecosystem Restoration Task Force. 
 
 Sec. 8334.  
 New Savannah Bluff Lock and Dam, Georgia and South Carolina. 
 
 Sec. 8335.  
 Little Wood River, Gooding, Idaho. 
 
 Sec. 8336.  
 Chicago shoreline protection. 
 
 Sec. 8337.  
 Great Lakes and Mississippi River Interbasin project, Brandon Road, Will County, Illinois. 
 
 Sec. 8338.  
 Southeast Des Moines, Southwest Pleasant Hill, Iowa. 
 
 Sec. 8339.  
 City of El Dorado, Kansas. 
 
 Sec. 8340.  
 Algiers Canal Levees, Louisiana. 
 
 Sec. 8341.  
 Mississippi River Gulf Outlet, Louisiana. 
 
 Sec. 8342.  
 Camp Ellis, Saco, Maine. 
 
 Sec. 8343.  
 Lower Mississippi River comprehensive management study. 
 
 Sec. 8344.  
 Upper Mississippi River protection. 
 
 Sec. 8345.  
 Upper Mississippi River restoration program. 136 STAT. 2430 
 
 Sec. 8346.  
 Water level management on the Upper Mississippi River and Illinois Waterway. 
 
 Sec. 8347.  
 Mississippi Delta Headwaters, Mississippi. 
 
 Sec. 8348.  
 Sense of Congress relating to Okatibbee Lake, Mississippi. 
 
 Sec. 8349.  
 Argentine, East Bottoms, Fairfax-Jersey Creek, and North Kansas Levees units, Missouri River and tributaries at Kansas Cities, Missouri and Kansas. 
 
 Sec. 8350.  
 Lower Missouri River streambank erosion control evaluation and demonstration projects. 
 
 Sec. 8351.  
 Missouri River interception-rearing complexes. 
 
 Sec. 8352.  
 Missouri River mitigation project, Missouri, Kansas, Iowa, and Nebraska. 
 
 Sec. 8353.  
 Northern Missouri. 
 
 Sec. 8354.  
 Israel River, Lancaster, New Hampshire. 
 
 Sec. 8355.  
 Middle Rio Grande flood protection, Bernalillo to Belen, New Mexico. 
 
 Sec. 8356.  
 Ecosystem restoration, Hudson–Raritan Estuary, New York and New Jersey. 
 
 Sec. 8357.  
 Arkansas River corridor, Oklahoma. 
 
 Sec. 8358.  
 Copan Lake, Oklahoma. 
 
 Sec. 8359.  
 Southwestern Oregon. 
 
 Sec. 8360.  
 Yaquina River, Oregon. 
 
 Sec. 8361.  
 Lower Blackstone River, Rhode Island. 
 
 Sec. 8362.  
 Charleston Harbor, South Carolina. 
 
 Sec. 8363.  
 Colleton County, South Carolina. 
 
 Sec. 8364.  
 Ensley levee, Tennessee. 
 
 Sec. 8365.  
 Wolf River Harbor, Tennessee. 
 
 Sec. 8366.  
 Addicks and Barker Reservoirs, Texas. 
 
 Sec. 8367.  
 North Padre Island, Corpus Christi Bay, Texas. 
 
 Sec. 8368.  
 Nueces County, Texas. 
 
 Sec. 8369.  
 Lake Champlain Canal, Vermont and New York. 
 
 Sec. 8370.  
 Rehabilitation of Corps of Engineers constructed dams. 
 
 Sec. 8371.  
 Puget Sound nearshore ecosystem restoration, Washington. 
 
 Sec. 8372.  
 Lower Mud River, Milton, West Virginia. 
 
 Sec. 8373.  
 Northern West Virginia. 
 
 Sec. 8374.  
 Southern West Virginia. 
 
 Sec. 8375.  
 Environmental infrastructure. 
 
 Sec. 8376.  
 Additional assistance for critical projects. 
 
 Sec. 8377.  
 Conveyances. 
 
 Sec. 8378.  
 Land transfer and trust land for Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma. 
 
 Sec. 8379.  
 John P. Murtha Locks and Dam. 
 
 Sec. 8380.  
 Treatment of certain benefits and costs. 
 
 Sec. 8381.  
 Debris removal. 
 
 Sec. 8382.  
 General reauthorizations. 
 
 Sec. 8383.  
 Transfer of excess credit. 
 
 Sec. 8384.  
 Treatment of credit between projects. 
 
 Sec. 8385.  
 Non-Federal payment flexibility. 
 
 Sec. 8386.  
 Coastal community flood control and other purposes. 
 
 Sec. 8387.  
 National levee safety program. 
 
 Sec. 8388.  
 Surplus water contracts and water storage agreements. 
 
 Sec. 8389.  
 Water supply storage repair, rehabilitation, and replacement costs. 
 
 Sec. 8390.  
 Abandoned and inactive noncoal mine restoration. 
 
 Sec. 8391.  
 Asian carp prevention and control pilot program. 
 
 Sec. 8392.  
 Enhanced development program. 
 
 Sec. 8393.  
 Recreational opportunities at certain projects. 
 
 Sec. 8394.  
 Federal assistance. 
 
 Sec. 8395.  
 Mississippi River mat sinking unit. 
 
 Sec. 8396.  
 Sense of Congress on lease agreement. 
 
 Sec. 8397.  
 Expedited completion of projects and studies. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Water Resources Infrastructure 
 
 Sec. 8401.  
 Project authorizations. 
 
 Sec. 8402.  
 Special rules. 
 
 Sec. 8403.  
 Facility investment. 
 
 TITLE LXXXV— 
 CLEAN WATER 
 
 Sec. 8501.  
 Regional water programs. 
 
 Sec. 8502.  
 Nonpoint source management programs. 
 
 Sec. 8503.  
 Wastewater assistance to colonias. 
 
 DIVISION I— 
 DEPARTMENT OF STATE AUTHORIZATIONS 
 
 Sec. 9001.  
 Short title. 136 STAT. 2431 
 
 Sec. 9002.  
 Definitions. 
 
 TITLE XCI— 
 ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE 
 
 Sec. 9101.  
 Modernizing the Bureau of Arms Control, Verification, and Compliance and the Bureau of International Security and Nonproliferation. 
 
 Sec. 9102.  
 Notification to Congress for United States nationals unlawfully or wrongfully detained abroad. 
 
 Sec. 9103.  
 Family Engagement Coordinator. 
 
 Sec. 9104.  
 Rewards for Justice. 
 
 Sec. 9105.  
 Ensuring geographic diversity and accessibility of passport agencies. 
 
 Sec. 9106.  
 Cultural Antiquities Task Force. 
 
 Sec. 9107.  
 Office of Sanctions Coordination. 
 
 Sec. 9108.  
 Sense of Congress and strategic plan regarding the Department of State’s Unit for Subnational Diplomacy. 
 
 TITLE XCII— 
 PERSONNEL ISSUES 
 
 Sec. 9201.  
 Department of State paid Student Internship Program. 
 
 Sec. 9202.  
 Improvements to the prevention of, and the response to, harassment, discrimination, sexual assault, and related retaliation. 
 
 Sec. 9203.  
 Increasing the maximum amount authorized for science and technology fellowship grants and cooperative agreements. 
 
 Sec. 9204.  
 Additional personnel to address backlogs in hiring and investigations. 
 
 Sec. 9205.  
 Foreign affairs training. 
 
 Sec. 9206.  
 Facilitation and encouragement of training and professional development for Foreign Service and Civil Service personnel. 
 
 Sec. 9207.  
 Security clearance approval process. 
 
 Sec. 9208.  
 Addendum for study on foreign service allowances. 
 
 Sec. 9209.  
 Curtailments, removals from post, and waivers of privileges and immunities. 
 
 Sec. 9210.  
 Report on worldwide availability. 
 
 Sec. 9211.  
 Professional development. 
 
 Sec. 9212.  
 Management assessments at diplomatic and consular posts. 
 
 Sec. 9213.  
 Independent review of promotion policies. 
 
 Sec. 9214.  
 Third party verification of permanent change of station (PCS) orders. 
 
 Sec. 9215.  
 Post-employment restrictions on Senate-confirmed officials at the Department of State. 
 
 Sec. 9216.  
 Expansion of authorities regarding special rules for certain monthly workers’ compensation payments and other payments. 
 
 Sec. 9217.  
 Report on pilot program for lateral entry into the Foreign Service. 
 
 Sec. 9218.  
 Report on changes to the Foreign Service Officer test. 
 
 Sec. 9219.  
 Dignity for people with disabilities serving in the Foreign Service. 
 
 Sec. 9220.  
 Expanding scope of fellowship programs to include civil servants. 
 
 TITLE XCIII— 
 EMBASSY SECURITY AND CONSTRUCTION 
 
 Sec. 9301.  
 Amendments to Secure Embassy Construction and Counterterrorism Act of 1999. 
 
 Sec. 9302.  
 Diplomatic support and security. 
 
 Sec. 9303.  
 Establishment of United States embassies in Solomon Islands, Kiribati, and Tonga and a diplomatic presence in Vanuatu. 
 
 TITLE XCIV— 
 A DIVERSE WORKFORCE: RECRUITMENT, RETENTION, AND PROMOTION 
 
 Sec. 9401.  
 Report on barriers to applying for employment with the Department of State. 
 
 Sec. 9402.  
 Collection, analysis, and dissemination of workforce data. 
 
 Sec. 9403.  
 Centers of Excellence in Foreign Affairs and Assistance. 
 
 Sec. 9404.  
 Promoting transparency and accountability in the Department of State workforce. 
 
 Sec. 9405.  
 Rule of construction. 
 
 TITLE XCV— 
 INFORMATION SECURITY AND CYBER DIPLOMACY 
 
 Sec. 9501.  
 United States international cyberspace policy. 
 
 Sec. 9502.  
 Bureau of Cyberspace and Digital Policy. 
 
 Sec. 9503.  
 International cyberspace and digital policy strategy. 
 
 Sec. 9504.  
 Government Accountability Office report on cyber diplomacy. 
 
 Sec. 9505.  
 Report on diplomatic programs to detect and respond to cyber threats against allies and partners. 
 
 Sec. 9506.  
 Cybersecurity recruitment and retention. 
 
 Sec. 9507.  
 Short course on emerging technologies for senior officials. 136 STAT. 2432 
 
 Sec. 9508.  
 Establishment and expansion of Regional Technology Officer Program. 
 
 Sec. 9509.  
 Vulnerability disclosure policy and bug bounty program report. 
 
 TITLE XCVI— 
 PUBLIC DIPLOMACY 
 
 Sec. 9601.  
 United States participation in international fairs and expositions. 
 
 Sec. 9602.  
 Under Secretary for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs. 
 
 Sec. 9603.  
 Report on public diplomacy. 
 
 Sec. 9604.  
 Promoting peace, education, and cultural exchange through music diplomacy. 
 
 TITLE XCVII— 
 OTHER MATTERS 
 
 Sec. 9701.  
 Supporting the employment of United States citizens by international organizations. 
 
 Sec. 9702.  
 Increasing housing availability for certain employees assigned to the United States Mission to the United Nations. 
 
 Sec. 9703.  
 Limitation on United States contributions to peacekeeping operations not authorized by the United Nations Security Council. 
 
 Sec. 9704.  
 Boards of Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, Radio Free Asia, the Middle East Broadcasting Networks, and the Open Technology Fund. 
 
 Sec. 9705.  
 Broadcasting entities no longer required to consolidate into a single private, nonprofit corporation. 
 
 Sec. 9706.  
 International broadcasting activities. 
 
 Sec. 9707.  
 Global internet freedom. 
 
 Sec. 9708.  
 Arms Export Control Act alignment with the Export Control Reform Act. 
 
 Sec. 9709.  
 Increasing the maximum annual lease payment available without approval by the Secretary. 
 
 Sec. 9710.  
 Report on United States access to critical mineral resources abroad. 
 
 Sec. 9711.  
 Overseas United States strategic infrastructure development projects. 
 
 Sec. 9712.  
 Provision of parking services and retention of parking fees. 
 
 Sec. 9713.  
 Diplomatic reception areas. 
 
 Sec. 9714.  
 Return of supporting documents for passport applications through United States Postal Service certified mail. 
 
 Sec. 9715.  
 Report on distribution of personnel and resources related to ordered departures and post closures. 
 
 Sec. 9716.  
 Elimination of obsolete reports. 
 
 Sec. 9717.  
 Locality pay for Federal employees working overseas under Domestic Employee Teleworking Overseas agreements. 
 
 Sec. 9718.  
 Report on countering the activities of malign actors. 
 
 TITLE XCVIII— 
 EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES 
 
 Sec. 9801.  
 Diplomatic facilities. 
 
 Sec. 9802.  
 Extension of existing authorities. 
 
 Sec. 9803.  
 Commission on Reform and Modernization of the Department of State. 
 
 DIVISION J— 
 OCEANS AND ATMOSPHERE 
 
 Sec. 10000.  
 Table of contents. 
 
 TITLE C— 
 CORAL REEF CONSERVATION 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Reauthorization of Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000 
 
 Sec. 10001.  
 Reauthorization of Coral Reef Conservation Act of 2000. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 United States Coral Reef Task Force 
 
 Sec. 10011.  
 Establishment. 
 
 Sec. 10012.  
 Duties. 
 
 Sec. 10013.  
 Membership. 
 
 Sec. 10014.  
 Responsibilities of Federal agency members. 
 
 Sec. 10015.  
 Working groups. 
 
 Sec. 10016.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Department of the Interior Coral Reef Authorities 
 
 Sec. 10021.  
 Coral reef conservation and restoration assistance. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Susan L. Williams National Coral Reef Management Fellowship 
 
 Sec. 10031.  
 Susan L. Williams National Coral Reef Management Fellowship. 
 
 TITLE CI— 
 BOLSTERING LONG-TERM UNDERSTANDING AND EXPLORATION OF THE GREAT LAKES, OCEANS, BAYS, AND ESTUARIES 
 
 Sec. 10101.  
 Purpose. 136 STAT. 2433 
 
 Sec. 10102.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 10103.  
 Workforce study. 
 
 Sec. 10104.  
 Accelerating innovation at Cooperative Institutes. 
 
 Sec. 10105.  
 Blue Economy valuation. 
 
 Sec. 10106.  
 No additional funds authorized. 
 
 TITLE CII— 
 REGIONAL OCEAN PARTNERSHIPS 
 
 Sec. 10201.  
 Findings; purposes. 
 
 Sec. 10202.  
 Regional Ocean Partnerships. 
 
 TITLE CIII— 
 NATIONAL OCEAN EXPLORATION 
 
 Sec. 10301.  
 Findings. 
 
 Sec. 10302.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 10303.  
 Ocean Policy Committee. 
 
 Sec. 10304.  
 National Ocean Mapping, Exploration, and Characterization Council. 
 
 Sec. 10305.  
 Modifications to the ocean exploration program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
 
 Sec. 10306.  
 Repeal. 
 
 Sec. 10307.  
 Modifications to ocean and coastal mapping program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
 
 Sec. 10308.  
 Modifications to Hydrographic Services Improvement Act of 1998. 
 
 TITLE CIV— 
 MARINE MAMMAL RESEARCH AND RESPONSE 
 
 Sec. 10401.  
 Data collection and dissemination. 
 
 Sec. 10402.  
 Stranding or entanglement response agreements. 
 
 Sec. 10403.  
 Unusual mortality event activity funding. 
 
 Sec. 10404.  
 Liability. 
 
 Sec. 10405.  
 National Marine Mammal Tissue Bank and tissue analysis. 
 
 Sec. 10406.  
 Marine Mammal Rescue and Response Grant Program and Rapid Response Fund. 
 
 Sec. 10407.  
 Health MAP. 
 
 Sec. 10408.  
 Reports to Congress. 
 
 Sec. 10409.  
 Authorization of appropriations. 
 
 Sec. 10410.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 10411.  
 Study on marine mammal mortality. 
 
 TITLE CV— 
 VOLCANIC ASH AND FUMES 
 
 Sec. 10501.  
 Modifications to National Volcano Early Warning and Monitoring System. 
 
 TITLE CVI— 
 LEARNING EXCELLENCE AND GOOD EXAMPLES FROM NEW DEVELOPERS 
 
 Sec. 10601.  
 Learning excellence and good examples from new developers. 
 
 DIVISION K— 
 DON YOUNG COAST GUARD AUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2022 
 
 Sec. 11001.  
 Short title; table of contents. 
 
 Sec. 11002.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 11003.  
 Rule of construction. 
 
 TITLE CXI— 
 AUTHORIZATIONS 
 
 Sec. 11101.  
 Authorization of appropriations. 
 
 Sec. 11102.  
 Authorized levels of military strength and training. 
 
 Sec. 11103.  
 Authorization for certain programs and services. 
 
 Sec. 11104.  
 Availability of amounts for acquisition of additional vessels. 
 
 Sec. 11105.  
 Shoreside infrastructure and facilities. 
 
 Sec. 11106.  
 Coast Guard yard resilient infrastructure and construction improvement. 
 
 TITLE CXII— 
 COAST GUARD 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Infrastructure and Assets 
 
 Sec. 11201.  
 Report on shoreside infrastructure and facilities projects. 
 
 Sec. 11202.  
 Report and briefing on resourcing strategy for Western Pacific region. 
 
 Sec. 11203.  
 Study and report on national security and drug trafficking threats in Florida Straits, Cuba, and Caribbean region. 
 
 Sec. 11204.  
 Coast Guard Yard. 
 
 Sec. 11205.  
 Authority to enter into transactions other than contracts and grants to procure cost-effective technology for mission needs. 
 
 Sec. 11206.  
 Improvements to infrastructure and operations planning. 
 
 Sec. 11207.  
 Aqua alert notification system pilot program. 136 STAT. 2434 
 
 Sec. 11208.  
 Pilot project for enhancing Coast Guard cutter readiness through condition-based maintenance. 
 
 Sec. 11209.  
 Study on laydown of Coast Guard Cutters. 
 
 Sec. 11210.  
 Acquisition life-cycle cost estimates. 
 
 Sec. 11211.  
 Disposition of infrastructure related to E–LORAN. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Great Lakes 
 
 Sec. 11212.  
 Great Lakes winter commerce. 
 
 Sec. 11213.  
 Database on icebreaking operations in Great Lakes. 
 
 Sec. 11214.  
 Center of expertise for Great Lakes oil spill search and response. 
 
 Sec. 11215.  
 Great Lakes snowmobile acquisition plan. 
 
 Sec. 11216.  
 Great Lakes barge inspection exemption. 
 
 Sec. 11217.  
 Study on sufficiency of Coast Guard aviation assets to meet mission demands. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Arctic 
 
 Sec. 11218.  
 Establishment of medium icebreaker program office. 
 
 Sec. 11219.  
 Arctic activities. 
 
 Sec. 11220.  
 Study on Arctic operations and infrastructure. 
 
 Sec. 11221.  
 Pribilof Island transition completion actions. 
 
 Sec. 11222.  
 Report on shipyards of Finland and Sweden. 
 
 Sec. 11223.  
 Acquisition of icebreaker. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Maritime Cyber and Artificial Intelligence 
 
 Sec. 11224.  
 Enhancing maritime cybersecurity. 
 
 Sec. 11225.  
 Establishment of unmanned system program and autonomous control and computer vision technology project. 
 
 Sec. 11226.  
 Artificial intelligence strategy. 
 
 Sec. 11227.  
 Review of artificial intelligence applications and establishment of performance metrics. 
 
 Sec. 11228.  
 Cyber data management. 
 
 Sec. 11229.  
 Data management. 
 
 Sec. 11230.  
 Study on cyber threats to United States marine transportation system. 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Aviation 
 
 Sec. 11231.  
 Space-available travel on Coast Guard aircraft: program authorization and eligible recipients. 
 
 Sec. 11232.  
 Report on Coast Guard Air Station Barbers Point hangar. 
 
 Sec. 11233.  
 Study on operational availability of Coast Guard aircraft and strategy for Coast Guard Aviation. 
 
 Subtitle F— 
 Workforce Readiness 
 
 Sec. 11234.  
 Authorized strength. 
 
 Sec. 11235.  
 Continuation of officers with certain critical skills on active duty. 
 
 Sec. 11236.  
 Number and distribution of officers on active duty promotion list. 
 
 Sec. 11237.  
 Career incentive pay for marine inspectors. 
 
 Sec. 11238.  
 Expansion of ability for selection board to recommend officers of particular merit for promotion. 
 
 Sec. 11239.  
 Modification to education loan repayment program. 
 
 Sec. 11240.  
 Retirement of Vice Commandant. 
 
 Sec. 11241.  
 Report on resignation and retirement processing times and denial. 
 
 Sec. 11242.  
 Calculation of active service. 
 
 Sec. 11243.  
 Physical Disability Evaluation System procedure review. 
 
 Sec. 11244.  
 Expansion of authority for multirater assessments of certain personnel. 
 
 Sec. 11245.  
 Promotion parity. 
 
 Sec. 11246.  
 Partnership program to diversify Coast Guard. 
 
 Sec. 11247.  
 Expansion of Coast Guard Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
 
 Sec. 11248.  
 Improving representation of women and racial and ethnic minorities among Coast Guard active-duty members. 
 
 Sec. 11249.  
 Strategy to enhance diversity through recruitment and accession. 
 
 Sec. 11250.  
 Support for Coast Guard Academy. 
 
 Sec. 11251.  
 Training for congressional affairs personnel. 
 
 Sec. 11252.  
 Strategy for retention of cuttermen. 
 
 Sec. 11253.  
 Study on performance of Coast Guard Force Readiness Command. 
 
 Sec. 11254.  
 Study on frequency of weapons training for Coast Guard personnel. 
 
 Subtitle G— 
 Miscellaneous Provisions 
 
 Sec. 11255.  
 Modification of prohibition on operation or procurement of foreign-made unmanned aircraft systems. 
 
 Sec. 11256.  
 Budgeting of Coast Guard relating to certain operations. 136 STAT. 2435 
 
 Sec. 11257.  
 Report on San Diego maritime domain awareness. 
 
 Sec. 11258.  
 Conveyance of Coast Guard vessels for public purposes. 
 
 Sec. 11259.  
 National Coast Guard Museum funding plan. 
 
 Sec. 11260.  
 Report on Coast Guard explosive ordnance disposal. 
 
 Sec. 11261.  
 Transfer and conveyance. 
 
 Sec. 11262.  
 Transparency and oversight. 
 
 Sec. 11263.  
 Study on safety inspection program for containers and facilities. 
 
 Sec. 11264.  
 Operational data sharing capability. 
 
 Sec. 11265.  
 Feasibility study on construction of Coast Guard station at Port Mansfield. 
 
 Sec. 11266.  
 Procurement of tethered aerostat radar system for Coast Guard Station South Padre Island. 
 
 Sec. 11267.  
 Prohibition on major acquisition contracts with entities associated with Chinese Communist Party. 
 
 Sec. 11268.  
 Review of drug interdiction equipment and standards; testing for fentanyl during interdiction operations. 
 
 Sec. 11269.  
 Public availability of information on monthly migrant interdictions. 
 
 Sec. 11270.  
 Cargo waiting time reduction. 
 
 Sec. 11271.  
 Study on Coast Guard oversight and investigations. 
 
 Subtitle H— 
 Sexual Assault and Sexual Harassment Response and Prevention 
 
 Sec. 11272.  
 Administration of sexual assault forensic examination kits. 
 
 Sec. 11273.  
 Policy on requests for permanent changes of station or unit transfers by persons who report being the victim of sexual assault. 
 
 Sec. 11274.  
 Sex offenses and personnel records. 
 
 Sec. 11275.  
 Study on Special Victims’ Counsel program. 
 
 TITLE CXIII— 
 ENVIRONMENT 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Marine Mammals 
 
 Sec. 11301.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 11302.  
 Assistance to ports to reduce impacts of vessel traffic and port operations on marine mammals. 
 
 Sec. 11303.  
 Near real-time monitoring and mitigation program for large cetaceans. 
 
 Sec. 11304.  
 Pilot program to establish a Cetacean Desk for Puget Sound region. 
 
 Sec. 11305.  
 Monitoring ocean soundscapes. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Oil Spills 
 
 Sec. 11306.  
 Report on changing salvors. 
 
 Sec. 11307.  
 Limited indemnity provisions in standby oil spill response contracts. 
 
 Sec. 11308.  
 Improving oil spill preparedness. 
 
 Sec. 11309.  
 Western Alaska oil spill planning criteria. 
 
 Sec. 11310.  
 Coast Guard claims processing costs. 
 
 Sec. 11311.  
 Calculation of interest on debt owed to national pollution fund. 
 
 Sec. 11312.  
 Per-incident limitation. 
 
 Sec. 11313.  
 Access to Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund. 
 
 Sec. 11314.  
 Cost-reimbursable agreements. 
 
 Sec. 11315.  
 Oil spill response review. 
 
 Sec. 11316.  
 Additional exceptions to regulations for towing vessels. 
 
 Sec. 11317.  
 Port Coordination Council for Point Spencer. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Environmental Compliance 
 
 Sec. 11318.  
 Providing requirements for vessels anchored in established anchorage grounds. 
 
 Sec. 11319.  
 Study on impacts on shipping and commercial, Tribal, and recreational fisheries from development of renewable energy on West Coast. 
 
 Sec. 11320.  
 Use of devices broadcasting on AIS for purposes of marking fishing gear. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Environmental Issues 
 
 Sec. 11321.  
 Notification of communication outages. 
 
 Sec. 11322.  
 Improvements to communication with fishing industry and related stakeholders. 
 
 Sec. 11323.  
 Advance notification of military or other exercises. 
 
 Sec. 11324.  
 Modifications to Sport Fish Restoration and Boating Trust Fund administration. 
 
 Sec. 11325.  
 Load lines. 
 
 Sec. 11326.  
 Actions by National Marine Fisheries Service to increase energy production. 
 
 Sec. 11327.  
 Aquatic Nuisance Species Task Force. 
 
 Sec. 11328.  
 Safety standards. 136 STAT. 2436 
 
 Subtitle E— 
 Illegal Fishing and Forced Labor Prevention 
 
 Sec. 11329.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Chapter 1— 
 Combating Human Trafficking Through Seafood Import Monitoring 
 
 Sec. 11330.  
 Enhancement of Seafood Import Monitoring Program Message Set in Automated Commercial Environment system. 
 
 Sec. 11331.  
 Data sharing and aggregation. 
 
 Sec. 11332.  
 Import audits. 
 
 Sec. 11333.  
 Availability of fisheries information. 
 
 Sec. 11334.  
 Report on Seafood Import Monitoring Program. 
 
 Sec. 11335.  
 Authorization of appropriations. 
 
 Chapter 2— 
 Strengthening International Fisheries Management To Combat Human Trafficking 
 
 Sec. 11336.  
 Denial of port privileges. 
 
 Sec. 11337.  
 Identification and certification criteria. 
 
 Sec. 11338.  
 Equivalent conservation measures. 
 
 Sec. 11339.  
 Capacity building in foreign fisheries. 
 
 Sec. 11340.  
 Training of United States observers. 
 
 Sec. 11341.  
 Regulations. 
 
 TITLE CXIV— 
 SUPPORT FOR COAST GUARD WORKFORCE 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Support for Coast Guard Members and Families 
 
 Sec. 11401.  
 Coast Guard child care improvements. 
 
 Sec. 11402.  
 Armed Forces access to Coast Guard child development services. 
 
 Sec. 11403.  
 Cadet pregnancy policy improvements. 
 
 Sec. 11404.  
 Combat-related special compensation. 
 
 Sec. 11405.  
 Study on food security. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Healthcare 
 
 Sec. 11406.  
 Development of medical staffing standards for Coast Guard. 
 
 Sec. 11407.  
 Healthcare system review and strategic plan. 
 
 Sec. 11408.  
 Data collection and access to care. 
 
 Sec. 11409.  
 Behavioral health policy. 
 
 Sec. 11410.  
 Members asserting post-traumatic stress disorder or traumatic brain injury. 
 
 Sec. 11411.  
 Improvements to Physical Disability Evaluation System and transition program. 
 
 Sec. 11412.  
 Expansion of access to counseling. 
 
 Sec. 11413.  
 Expansion of postgraduate opportunities for members of Coast Guard in medical and related fields. 
 
 Sec. 11414.  
 Study on Coast Guard medical facilities needs. 
 
 Sec. 11415.  
 Study on Coast Guard telemedicine program. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Housing 
 
 Sec. 11416.  
 Study on Coast Guard housing access, cost, and challenges. 
 
 Sec. 11417.  
 Audit of certain military housing conditions of enlisted members of Coast Guard in Key West, Florida. 
 
 Sec. 11418.  
 Study on Coast Guard housing authorities and privatized housing. 
 
 Sec. 11419.  
 Strategy to improve quality of life at remote units. 
 
 Subtitle D— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 11420.  
 Report on availability of emergency supplies for Coast Guard personnel. 
 
 Sec. 11421.  
 Fleet mix analysis and shore infrastructure investment plan. 
 
 TITLE CXV— 
 MARITIME 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 Vessel Safety 
 
 Sec. 11501.  
 Responses to safety recommendations. 
 
 Sec. 11502.  
 Requirements for DUKW amphibious passenger vessels. 
 
 Sec. 11503.  
 Exoneration and limitation of liability for small passenger vessels. 
 
 Sec. 11504.  
 At-sea recovery operations pilot program. 
 
 Sec. 11505.  
 Historic wood sailing vessels. 
 
 Sec. 11506.  
 Certificates of numbers for undocumented vessels. 
 
 Sec. 11507.  
 Comptroller General review and report on Coast Guard oversight of third-party organizations. 136 STAT. 2437 
 
 Sec. 11508.  
 Articulated tug-barge manning. 
 
 Sec. 11509.  
 Fishing vessel safety. 
 
 Sec. 11510.  
 Exemptions for certain passenger vessels. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Merchant Mariner Credentialing 
 
 Sec. 11511.  
 Modernizing merchant mariner credentialing system. 
 
 Sec. 11512.  
 Assessment regarding application process for merchant mariner credentials. 
 
 Sec. 11513.  
 GAO report. 
 
 Sec. 11514.  
 Military to Mariners Act of 2022. 
 
 Sec. 11515.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Subtitle C— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 11516.  
 Nonoperating individual. 
 
 Sec. 11517.  
 Oceanographic research vessels. 
 
 Sec. 11518.  
 Port access routes briefing. 
 
 Sec. 11519.  
 Definition of stateless vessel. 
 
 Sec. 11520.  
 Limitation on recovery for certain injuries incurred in aquaculture activities. 
 
 Sec. 11521.  
 Report on securing vessels and cargo. 
 
 Sec. 11522.  
 Report on enforcement of coastwise laws. 
 
 Sec. 11523.  
 Land conveyance, Sharpe Army Depot, Lathrop, California. 
 
 Sec. 11524.  
 Prohibition on entry and operation. 
 
 Sec. 11525.  
 Floating dry docks. 
 
 Sec. 11526.  
 Updated requirements for fishing crew agreements. 
 
 TITLE CXVI— 
 SEXUAL ASSAULT AND SEXUAL HARASSMENT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE 
 
 Sec. 11601.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 11602.  
 Convicted sex offender as grounds for denial. 
 
 Sec. 11603.  
 Sexual harassment or sexual assault as grounds for suspension or revocation. 
 
 Sec. 11604.  
 Accommodation; notices. 
 
 Sec. 11605.  
 Protection against discrimination. 
 
 Sec. 11606.  
 Alcohol at sea. 
 
 Sec. 11607.  
 Surveillance requirements. 
 
 Sec. 11608.  
 Master key control. 
 
 Sec. 11609.  
 Requirement to report sexual assault and harassment. 
 
 Sec. 11610.  
 Safety management system. 
 
 Sec. 11611.  
 Reports to Congress. 
 
 TITLE CXVII— 
 NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION 
 
 Subtitle A— 
 National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps 
 
 Sec. 11701.  
 Definitions. 
 
 Sec. 11702.  
 Requirement for appointments. 
 
 Sec. 11703.  
 Repeal of requirement to promote ensigns after 3 years of service. 
 
 Sec. 11704.  
 Authority to provide awards and decorations. 
 
 Sec. 11705.  
 Retirement and separation. 
 
 Sec. 11706.  
 Improving professional mariner staffing. 
 
 Sec. 11707.  
 Legal assistance. 
 
 Sec. 11708.  
 Acquisition of aircraft for agency air, atmosphere, and weather reconnaissance and research mission. 
 
 Sec. 11709.  
 Report on professional mariner staffing models. 
 
 Subtitle B— 
 Other Matters 
 
 Sec. 11710.  
 Conveyance of certain property of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Juneau, Alaska. 
 
 TITLE CXVIII— 
 TECHNICAL, CONFORMING, AND CLARIFYING AMENDMENTS 
 
 Sec. 11801.  
 Terms and vacancies. 
 
 Sec. 11802.  
 Passenger vessel security and safety requirements. 
 
 Sec. 11803.  
 Technical corrections. 
 
 Sec. 11804.  
 Transportation worker identification credential technical amendments. 
 
 Sec. 11805.  
 Reinstatement. 
 
 Sec. 11806.  
 Determination of budgetary effects. 
 
 Sec. 11807.  
 Technical amendment. 
 
 Sec. 11808.  
 Lighthouse service amendments. 
 
 136 STAT. 2438