SEC. 2845.  LAND CONVEYANCE, STARKVILLE, MISSISSIPPI. (a)  Conveyance Authorized .— The Secretary of the Army (in this section referred to as the “Secretary”) may convey to the City of Starkville, Mississippi (in this section referred to as the “City”), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately five acres, located at 343 Highway 12, Starkville, Mississippi 39759, to be used for economic development purposes. 
 (b)  Consideration .— (1)  In general .— As consideration for the conveyance of property under subsection (a), the City shall pay to the United States an amount equal to the fair market value of the property to be conveyed. Determination.  The Secretary shall determine the fair market  136 STAT. 3008 
value of the property using an independent appraisal based on the highest and best use of the property. 
 (2)  Determination of fair market value .— The Secretary shall determine the fair market value of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) using an independent appraisal based on the highest and best use of the property. 
 (3)  Treatment of consideration received .— Consideration received under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the special account in the Treasury established under subsection (b) of  section 572 of title 40, United States Code , and shall be available in accordance with paragraph (5)(B) of such subsection. 
 
 (c)  Payment of Costs of Conveyance .— (1)  Payment .— (A)  In general .— The Secretary may require the City to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. )) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. 
 (B)  Refund .— If amounts are collected from the City under subparagraph (A) in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City. 
 
 (2)  Treatment of amounts received .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reimbursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or account currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
 
 (d)  Description of Property .— The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. 
 (e)  Additional Terms and Conditions .— The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States.