SEC. 238.  ANNUAL REPORT ON STUDIES AND REPORTS OF FEDERALLY FUNDED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CENTERS. (a)  Annual Report Required .— On an annual basis, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that identifies and provides information about the studies and reports undertaken for the Department of Defense by federally funded research and development centers. 
 (b)  Elements .— Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall set forth the following: (1)  List. A list identifying each study and report undertaken by a federally funded research center for the Department of Defense— (A)  that has been completed during the period covered by the report under subsection (a); or 
 (B)  that is in progress as of the date of the report under subsection (a). 
 
 (2)  For each study and report listed under paragraph (1), the following: (A)  The title of the study or report. 
 (B)  The federally funded research and development center undertaking the study or report. 
 (C)  The amount of funding provided to the federally funded research and development center under the contract or other agreement pursuant to which the study or report is being produced or conducted. 
 (D)  The completion date or anticipated completion date of the study or report. 
 
 
 (c)  Exceptions .— The report required by subsection (a) shall not apply to the following: (1)  Classified reports or studies. 
 (2)  Technical reports associated with scientific research or technical development activities. 
 (3)  Any report or study undertaken pursuant to a contract or other agreement between a federally funded research and development center and an entity outside the Department of Defense. 
 (4)  Reports or studies that are in draft form or that have not undergone a peer-review or prepublication security review process established by the federally funded research and development center concerned. 
 
 (d)  Special Rule .— Each report under subsection (a) shall be generated using the products and processes generated pursuant to section 908 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  10 U.S.C. 111 note ). 
 (e)  Termination .— The requirement to submit annual reports under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 136 STAT. 2495