SEC. 2843.  LAND CONVEYANCE, NAVAL AIR STATION OCEANA, DAM NECK ANNEX, VIRGINIA BEACH, VIRGINIA. (a)  Conveyance Authorized .— The Secretary of the Navy may convey to the Hampton Roads Sanitation District (in this section referred to as the “HRSD”) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of installation real property, including any improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 7.9 acres located at Naval Air Station Oceana in Dam Neck Annex, Virginia Beach, Virginia. The Secretary may void any land use restrictions associated with the property to be conveyed under this subsection. 
 (b)  Consideration .— (1)  Amount and determination .— As consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a), the HRSD shall pay to the Secretary of the Navy an amount that is not less than the fair market value of the property conveyed, as determined by the Secretary. Such determination of fair market value shall be final. In lieu of all or a portion of cash payment of consideration, the Secretary may accept in-kind consideration. 
 (2)  Treatment of cash consideration .— The Secretary of the Navy shall deposit any cash payment received under paragraph (1) in the special account in the Treasury established for the Secretary of the Navy under of paragraph (1) of  section 2667(e) of title 10, United States Code . The entire amount deposited shall be available for use in accordance with subparagraph (D) of such paragraph. 
 
 (c)  Payment of Costs of Conveyance .— (1)  Requirement. Reimbursement. Costs. Payment required .— The Secretary of the Navy shall require the HRSD to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a),  136 STAT. 3006 
including survey costs, costs related to environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the HRSD. 
 (2)  Treatment of amounts received .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover those costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
 
 (d)  Description of Property .— The exact acreage and legal description of the parcel of real property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. 
 (e)  Additional Terms and Conditions .— The Secretary of the Navy may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States.