SEC. 240.  Arizona. REPORT ON POTENTIAL FOR INCREASED UTILIZATION OF THE ELECTRONIC PROVING GROUNDS TESTING RANGE. (a)  Report Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Chair of the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee of the Department of Defense, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the Electronic Proving Grounds testing range located at Fort Huachuca, Arizona. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report under subsection (a) shall address— (1)  the amount and types of testing activities conducted at the Electronic Proving Grounds testing range; 
 (2)  any shortfalls in the facilities and equipment of the range; 
 (3)  the capacity of the range to be used for additional testing activities; 
 (4)  the possibility of using the range for the testing activities of other Armed Forces, Federal agencies, and private-sector entities in the United States; 
 (5)  the capacity of the range to be used for realistic electronic warfare training; 
 (6)  electronic warfare training shortfalls at domestic military installations generally; and 
 (7)  the feasibility and advisability of providing a dedicated training area for electronic warfare capabilities. 136 STAT. 2496 
 
 (c)  Consultation .— In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Chair of the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee shall consult with the following: (1)  The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. 
 (2)  The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense. 
 (3)  The Director of Operational Test and Evaluation of the Department of Defense. 
 (4)  The Commander of the United States Strategic Command. 
 (5)  The Secretary of the Army. 
 (6)  The Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Cross-Functional Team established pursuant to section 911(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ;  10 U.S.C. 111 note ). 
 (7)  The governments of Cochise County and Sierra Vista, Arizona.