SEC. 3548.  ANALYSIS OF EFFECTS OF CHEMICALS IN STORMWATER RUNOFF ON PACIFIC SALMON AND STEELHEAD. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, in coordination with the Secretary of Transportation and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, and in consultation with the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, shall commence an analysis of— (1)  the science relating to tire-related chemicals in stormwater runoff at ports and the effects of such chemicals on Pacific salmon and steelhead; and 
 (2)  the challenges of studying tire-related chemicals in stormwater runoff at ports and the effects of such chemicals on Pacific salmon and steelhead. 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than 18 months after commencing the analysis required under subsection (a), the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, in coordination with the Secretary of Transportation and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, and make publicly available, a report that includes— (1)  the findings of the analysis; and Public information. 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. recommendations— 136 STAT. 3102 
 (A)  to improve the monitoring of stormwater and research related to run-off for tire-related chemicals and the effects of such chemicals on Pacific salmon and steelhead at ports; and 
 (B)  based on the best available science on relevant management approaches at ports under their respective jurisdictions. 
 
 
 (c)  Definition. Appropriate Congressional Committees .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives.