SEC. 389.  10 USC 7013 note . PILOT PROGRAMS FOR TACTICAL VEHICLE SAFETY DATA COLLECTION. (a)  Deadline. Evaluation. In General .— Not later than October 1, 2023, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall each initiate a pilot program to evaluate the utility of using data recorders to monitor, assess, and improve readiness and the safe operation of military tactical vehicles in the Army and the Marine Corps, respectively. 
 (b)  Duration .— Each pilot program initiated under subsection (a) shall be carried out for a period of not less than two years. 
 (c)  Requirements .— In carrying out a pilot program under this section, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy each shall— (1)  select not fewer than one military installation in the United States under the jurisdiction of the Secretary that contains the necessary forces, equipment, and maneuver training ranges to collect data on drivers and military tactical vehicles during training and routine operation at which to carry out the pilot program; 136 STAT. 2548 
 (2)  install data recorders on a sufficient number of each type of military tactical vehicle specified in subsection (d) to gain statistically significant results; 
 (3)  select a data recorder capable of collecting and exporting telemetry data, event data, and driver identification data during operation and accidents; 
 (4)  establish and maintain a data repository for operation and event data captured by the data recorder; and 
 (5)  establish processes to leverage operation and event data to improve individual vehicle operator performance, identify installation hazards that threaten safe vehicle operation, and identify vehicle-type specific operating conditions that increase the risk of accidents or mishaps. 
 
 (d)  Military Tactical Vehicles Specified .— Military tactical vehicles specified in this subsection are the following: (1)  High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicles. 
 (2)  Family of Medium Tactical Vehicles. 
 (3)  Medium Tactical Vehicle Replacements. 
 (4)  Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Trucks. 
 (5)  Light Armored Vehicles. 
 (6)  Stryker armored combat vehicles. 
 (7)  Such other military tactical vehicles as the Secretary of the Army or the Secretary of the Navy considers appropriate. 
 
 (e)  Certification. Cyber Risk Exemption .— The Secretary of the Army or the Secretary of the Navy, as the case may be, may exempt from a pilot program under this section a military tactical vehicle specified under subsection (d) if that Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a certification that, with respect to inclusion of the military tactical vehicle, there is a high potential of cyber risk as a result of the absence of a cross-domain solution capable of segregating classified and unclassified data. 
 (f)  Deadline. Implementation Plan .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall each— (1)  develop plans for implementing the pilot programs under this section; and 
 (2)  provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on those plans and the estimated cost of implementing those plans. 
 
 (g)  Report Required .— Not later than December 15, 2024, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall each submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the respective pilot programs carried out under this section by the Secretaries, including— (1)  insights and findings regarding the utility of using data recorders to monitor, assess, and improve readiness and the safe operation of military tactical vehicles; 
 (2)  adjustments made, or to be made, to the implementation plans developed under subsection (f); and 
 (3)  any other matters determined appropriate by the Secretaries. 
 
 (h)  Deadline. Assessment Required .— Not later than December 15, 2025, the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of the pilot programs carried out under this section, including— 136 STAT. 2549 
 (1)  insights and findings regarding the utility of using data recorders to monitor, assess, and improve readiness and the safe operation of military tactical vehicles; 
 (2)  an assessment of the utility of establishing an enduring program to use data recorders to monitor, assess, and improve readiness and the safe operation of military tactical vehicles; 
 (3)  an assessment of the scope, size, and estimated cost of such an enduring program; and 
 (4)  such other matters as the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Navy determine appropriate.