“SEC. 304.  SECURITY REVIEW COMMITTEE FINDINGS AND REPORT. “(a)  Findings .— The Security Review Committee shall— “(1)  Examination. review the Report of Investigation prepared pursuant to section 303(b), and all other evidence, reporting, and relevant information relating to a Serious Security Incident at a United States mission abroad, including an examination of the facts and circumstances surrounding any serious injuries, loss of life, or significant destruction of property resulting from the incident; and 
 “(2)  Determinations. determine, in writing— “(A)  whether the incident was security related and constituted a Serious Security Incident; 
 “(B)  if the incident involved a diplomatic compound, motorcade, residence, or other mission facility— “(i)  whether the security systems, security countermeasures, and security procedures operated as intended; and 
 “(ii)  whether such systems worked to materially mitigate the attack or were found to be inadequate to mitigate the threat and attack; 
 
 “(C)  if the incident involved an individual or group of officers conducting an approved operation outside the mission, whether a valid process was followed in evaluating  136 STAT. 3888 
the requested operation and weighing the risk of the operation, which determination shall not seek to assign accountability for the incident unless the Security Review Committee determines that an official breached his or her duty; 
 “(D)  the impact of intelligence and information availability, and whether the mission was aware of the general operating threat environment or any more specific threat intelligence or information and took that into account in ongoing and specific operations; and 
 “(E)  any other facts and circumstances that may be relevant to the appropriate security management of United States missions abroad. 
 
 
 “(b)  Report .— “(1)  Submission to secretary of state .— Not later than 60 days after receiving the Report of Investigation prepared pursuant to section 303(b), the Security Review Committee shall submit a report to the Secretary of State that includes— “(A)  the findings described in subsection (a); and 
 “(B)  Recommenda- tions. any related recommendations. 
 
 “(2)  Records. Submission to congress .— Not later than 90 days after receiving the report pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary of State shall submit a copy of the report to— “(A)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; 
 “(B)  the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; 
 “(C)  the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
 “(D)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; 
 “(E)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
 “(F)  the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 
 “(c)  Personnel Recommendations .— If in the course of conducting an investigation under section 303, the investigative team finds reasonable cause to believe any individual described in section 303(a)(2)(D) has breached the duty of that individual or finds lesser failures on the part of an individual in the performance of his or her duties related to the incident, it shall be reported to the Security Review Committee. If the Security Review Committee finds reasonable cause to support the determination, it shall be reported to the Secretary for appropriate action.”