SEC. 351.  RESOURCES REQUIRED FOR ACHIEVING MATERIEL READINESS METRICS AND OBJECTIVES FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. (a)  In General .— Section 118 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended : (1)  in subsection (d)(2), by  striking  “ objectives ” and  inserting  “ objectives, such as infrastructure, workforce, or supply chain considerations ”; 
 (2)  redesignating  subsection (e) as subsection (f); and 
 (3)  inserting  after subsection (d) the following new subsection (e): “(e)  Deadline. Funding Estimates .— Not later than five days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to Congress the materials in support of the budget of the President for a fiscal year, the Director of Cost Assessment and Performance Evaluation shall submit to the congressional defense committees a comprehensive estimate of the funds necessary to meet the materiel readiness objectives required by subsection (c) through the period covered by the most recent future-years defense program. At a minimum, the Director shall provide, for each major weapon system, by designated mission design series, variant, or class, a comprehensive estimate of the funds necessary to meet such objectives that— 136 STAT. 2533 
 “(1)  have been obligated by subactivity group within the operation and maintenance accounts for the second fiscal year preceding the budget year; 
 “(2)  the Director estimates will have been obligated by subactivity group within the operation and maintenance accounts by the end of the fiscal year preceding the budget year; and 
 “(3)  have been budgeted and programmed across the future years defense program within the operation and maintenance accounts by subactivity group.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  10 USC 118 note . Phased Implementation .— The Director of Cost Assessment and Performance Evaluation may meet the requirements of subsection (e) of  section 118 of title 10, United States Code , as added by subsection (a), through a phased submission of the funding estimates required under such subsection. In conducting a phased implementation, the Director shall ensure that— (1)  for the budget request for fiscal year 2024, funding estimates are provided for a representative sample by military department of at least one-third of the major weapon systems; 
 (2)  for the budget request for fiscal year 2025, funding estimates are provided for an additional one-third of the major weapon systems; and 
 (3)  Deadline. full implementation for all major weapons systems is completed not later than five days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to Congress the materials in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2026.