SEC. 3202.  CONTINUATION OF FUNCTIONS AND POWERS DURING LOSS OF QUORUM.   Section 311(e) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2286(e) )  is amended — (1)  by  striking  “ Three members ” and  inserting  “ (1) Three members ”; and 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraphs: “(2)  In accordance with paragraph (4), during a covered period, the Chairperson, in consultation with an eligible member, may carry out the functions and powers of the Board under sections 312 through 316, notwithstanding that a quorum does not exist. 136 STAT. 3061 
 “(3)  Deadline. Notification. Not later than 30 days after a covered period begins, the Chairperson shall notify the congressional defense committees that a quorum does not exist. 
 “(4)  Recommenda- tions. The Chairperson may make recommendations to the Secretary of Energy and initiate investigations into defense nuclear facilities under section 312 pursuant to paragraph (2) only if— “(A)  a period of 30 days elapses following the date on which the Chairperson submits the notification required under paragraph (3); 
 “(B)  Deadline. Notification. not later than 30 days after making any such recommendation or initiating any such investigation, the Chairperson notifies the congressional defense committees of such recommendation or investigation; and 
 “(C)  any eligible member concurs with such recommendation or investigation. 
 
 “(5)  Definitions. In this subsection: “(A)  The term ‘ congressional defense committees ’ has the meaning given such term in  section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code . 
 “(B)  The term ‘ covered period ’ means a period beginning on the date on which a quorum specified in paragraph (1) does not exist by reason of either or both a vacancy in the membership of the Board or the incapacity of a member of the Board and ending on the earlier of— “(i)  the date that is one year after such beginning date; or 
 “(ii)  the date on which a quorum exists. 
 
 “(C)  The term ‘ eligible member ’ means a member of the Board, other than the Chairperson, serving during a covered period and who is not incapacitated.” 
 
 .