SEC. 3542.  NATIONAL MARITIME STRATEGY. (a)  Study to Inform a National Maritime Strategy .— (1)  Deadline. Contracts. Analysis. In general .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall seek to enter into an agreement with a studies and analysis federally funded research and development center under which such center shall conduct a study to identify the key elements needed for a national maritime strategy that is designed to— (A)  achieve the objectives described in  section 50101 of title 46, United States Code ; and 
 (B)  ensure— (i)  a capable, commercially viable, militarily useful fleet of a sufficient number of merchant vessels documented under  chapter 121 of title 46, United States Code ; 
 (ii)  a robust United States mariner workforce, as described in  section 50101 of title 46, United States Code ; 
 (iii)  strong United States domestic shipbuilding infrastructure, and related shipbuilding trades amongst skilled workers in the United States; and 
 (iv)  that the Navy Fleet Auxiliary Force, the National Defense Reserve Fleet, the Military Sealift Command, the Maritime Security Program under  chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code , the Cable Security Program under  chapter 532 of title 46, United States Code , and the Tanker Security Program under  chapter 534 of title 46, United States Code  currently meet the economic and national security needs of the United States and would reliably continue to meet  136 STAT. 3095 
those needs under future economic or national security emergencies. 
 
 
 (2)  Deadline for completion .— An agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall specify that the federally funded research and development center shall complete the study by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (3)  Input .— An agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall specify that, in carrying out the study, the federally funded research and development center shall solicit input from— (A)  relevant Federal departments and agencies; 
 (B)  nongovernmental organizations; 
 (C)  United States companies; 
 (D)  maritime labor organizations; 
 (E)  commercial industries that depend on United States mariners; 
 (F)  domestic shipyards regarding shipbuilding and repair capacity, and the associated skilled workforce, such as the workforce required for transportation, offshore wind, fishing, and aquaculture; 
 (G)  providers of maritime workforce training; and 
 (H)  any other relevant organizations. 
 
 (4)  Consultation. Evaluation. Requirements of agreement .— An agreement entered into pursuant to paragraph (1) shall specify that, in carrying out the study, the federally funded research and development center shall consult with the Secretary of Transportation, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, the Adminstrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and the heads of other relevant Federal agencies, in the identification and evaluation of— (A)  incentives, including regulatory changes, needed to continue to meet the shipbuilding and ship maintenance needs of the United States for commercial and national security purposes, including through a review of— (i)  the loans and guarantees program carried out under  chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code , and how the development of new offshore commercial industries, such as wind energy, could be supported through modification of such program or other Federal programs, and thus also support the United States sealift in the future; 
 (ii)  the barriers to participation in the loans and guarantees program carried out under  chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code , and how the program may be improved to facilitate additional shipbuilding activities in the United States; 
 (iii)  the needed resources, human and financial, for such incentives; and 
 (iv)  the current and anticipated number of shipbuilding and ship maintenance contracts at United States shipyards through 2032, to the extent practicable; 
 
 (B)  incentives, including regulatory changes, needed to maintain a commercially viable United States-documented fleet, including— 136 STAT. 3096 (i)  Examination. an examination of how the preferences under  section 2631 of title 10, United States Code , and chapters 531, 532, 534, and 553 of  title 46, United States Code , should be used to further maintain and grow a United States-documented fleet; 
 (ii)  an identification of other incentives that could be used that may not be authorized at the time of the study; 
 (iii)  Estimate. Time period. an estimate of the number and type of commercial ships needed over the next 30 years; and 
 (iv)  estimates of the needed human and financial resources for such incentives; 
 
 (C)  the availability of United States mariners, and future needs, including— (i)  Time period. the number of mariners needed for the United States commercial and national security needs over the next 30 years; 
 (ii)  the policies and programs (at the time of the study) to recruit, train, and retain United States mariners to support the United States maritime workforce needs during peace time and at war; 
 (iii)  how those programs could be improved to grow the number of maritime workers trained each year, including how potential collaboration between the uniformed services, the United States Merchant Marine Academy, State maritime academies, maritime labor training centers, and the Centers of Excellence for Domestic Maritime Workforce Training under  section 51706 of title 46, United States Code , could be used most effectively; and 
 (iv)  Estimate. Time period. estimates of the necessary resources, human and financial, to implement such programs in each relevant Federal agency over the next 30 years; and 
 
 (D)  the interaction among the elements described under subparagraphs (A) through (C). 
 
 (5)  Web posting. Public availability .— The Secretary of Transportation shall make publicly available on a website of the Department of Transportation a study completed pursuant to paragraph (1). 
 
 (b)  National Maritime Strategy .— (1)  In general .— Chapter 501 of title 46, United States Code ,  is amended  by  inserting  after section 50113 the following new section: “§ 50114. 46 USC 50114 .  National maritime strategy “(a)  In General .— The Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating and the Commander of United States Transportation Command, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate— “(1)  a national maritime strategy; and 
 “(2)  not less often than once every five years after the submission of such strategy, an update to the strategy. 
 
 “(b)  Contents .— The strategy required under subsection (a) shall include each of the following: “(1)  An identification of— 136 STAT. 3097 “(A)  international policies and Federal regulations and policies that reduce the competitiveness of United States-documented vessels with foreign vessels in domestic and international transportation markets; and 
 “(B)  the impact of reduced cargo flow due to reductions in the number of members of the United States Armed Forces stationed or deployed outside of the United States. 
 
 “(2)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations to— “(A)  make United States-documented vessels more competitive in shipping routes between United States and foreign ports; 
 “(B)  increase the use of United States-documented vessels to carry cargo imported to and exported from the United States; 
 “(C)  ensure compliance by Federal agencies with chapter 553; 
 “(D)  increase the use of short sea transportation routes, including routes designated under section 55601(b), to enhance intermodal freight movements; 
 “(E)  enhance United States shipbuilding capability; 
 “(F)  invest in, and identify gaps in, infrastructure needed to facilitate the movement of goods at ports and throughout the transportation system, including innovative physical and information technologies; 
 “(G)  enhance workforce training and recruitment for the maritime workforce, including training on innovative physical and information technologies; 
 “(H)  increase the resilience of ports and the marine transportation system; 
 “(I)  increase the carriage of government-impelled cargo on United States-documented vessels pursuant to chapter 553 of title 46, section 2631 of title 10, or otherwise; and 
 “(J)  maximize the cost effectiveness of Federal funding for carriage of non-defense government impelled cargo for the purposes of maintaining a United States flag fleet for national and economic security. 
 
 
 “(c)  Public information. Web posting. Update .— Upon the release of a strategy or update under subsection (a), the Secretary of Transportation shall make such strategy or update publicly available on the website of the Department of Transportation. 
 “(d)  Deadline. Public information. Web posting. Implementation Plan .— Not later than six months after the submission of a strategy or update under subsection (a), the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating and the Secretary of Defense, shall make publicly available on an appropriate website an implementation plan for such strategy or update.” 
 
 . 
 (2)  Conforming repeals; deadline .— (A)  Rescission of superceded strategy .— Effective on the date on which the Secretary of Transportation submits the national maritime strategy under  section 50114(a)(1) of title 46, United States Code , as added by paragraph (1)— (i)  the national maritime strategy prepared pursuant to section 603 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 ( Public Law 113–281 ) is rescinded; and 136 STAT. 3098 
 (ii)  section 603 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 ( Public Law 113–281 ) is  repealed . 
 
 (B)  46 USC 50114 note . Deadline for submission of strategy .— The Secretary shall submit the national maritime strategy required under  section 50114(a)(1) of title 46, United States Code , as added by paragraph (1), not later than six months after the date on which the Secretary receives the study under subsection (a). 
 
 (3)  Clerical amendment .— The analysis for  chapter 501 of title 46, United States Code , 46 USC prec. 50101.   is amended  by  inserting  after the item relating to section 50113 the following new item: 
 
 “50114.  
 National maritime strategy.”.