SEC. 335.  STUDIES RELATING TO WATER NEEDS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON OAHU. (a)  Study on Future Water Needs of Oahu .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than July 31, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on how the Department of Defense may best address the future water needs of the Armed Forces on the island of Oahu. Such study shall include consideration of— (A)  the construction of a new water treatment plant or plants; 
 (B)  the construction of a new well for use by members of the Armed Forces and the civilian population; 136 STAT. 2525 
 (C)  the construction of a new well for the exclusive use of members of the Armed Forces; 
 (D)  transferring ownership and operation of existing Department of Defense utilities to a municipality or existing publicly owned utility; 
 (E)  conveying certain Navy utilities to the Honolulu Board of Water Supply; and 
 (F)  any other water solutions the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate. 
 
 (2)  Consultation .— In carrying out the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the State of Hawaii, the Honolulu Board of Water Supply, and any other entity the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate. 
 (3)  Report; briefing .— Upon completion of the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall— (A)  submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the findings of the study; and 
 (B)  provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on such findings. 
 
 
 (b)  Hydrological Studies .— (1)  Deadline. Groundwater flow model study .— Not later than July 31, 2023, the Secretary of the Navy, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Director of the United States Geological Survey, and the State of Hawaii, shall commence the conduct of a new study, or continue an existing study, to further refine the modeling of groundwater flow in the area surrounding the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility. Such study shall be designed to— (A)  seek to improve the understanding of the direction and rate of groundwater flow and dissolved fuel migration within the aquifers in the area surrounding the facility; 
 (B)  reflect site-specific data, including available data of the heterogeneous subsurface geologic system of such area; and 
 (C)  address previously identified deficiencies in existing groundwater flow models. 
 
 (2)  Deadlines for completion .— (A)  Groundwater flow model study .— The study under paragraph (1) shall be completed by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (B)  Subsequent study .— Not later than one year after the date on which the study under paragraph (1) is completed, the Secretary of the Navy shall complete a subsequent study to model contaminant fate and transport in the area surrounding the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility. 
 
 (3)  Reports; briefings .— Upon completion of a study under this subsection, the Secretary of the Navy shall— (A)  submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the study; and 
 (B)  provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on such findings. 
 
 
 (c)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: 136 STAT. 2526 (1)  The congressional defense committees. 
 (2)  The Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
 (3)  The Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate.