SEC. 341.  DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RESEARCH RELATING TO PERFLUOROALKYL OR POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES. (a)  10 USC 2701 note . Publication of Information .— (1)  Deadline. Public information. Web posting. Updates. In general .— Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, Secretary of Defense shall publish on the publicly available website established under section 331(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Public Law 116–92 ;  10 U.S.C. 2701 note ) timely and regularly updated information on the research efforts of the Department of Defense relating to perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances, which shall include the following: (A)  A description of any research collaboration or data sharing by the Department with the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry, or any other agency (as defined in  section 551 of title 5, United States Code ), State, academic institution, nongovernmental organization, or other entity. 
 (B)  Regularly updated information on research projects supported or conducted by the Department of Defense pertaining to the development, testing, and evaluation of a fluorine-free firefighting foam or any other alternative to aqueous film forming foam that contains perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances, excluding any proprietary information that is business confidential. 
 (C)  Regularly updated information on research projects supported or conducted by the Department pertaining to the health effects of perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances, including information relating to the impact of such substances on firefighters, veterans, and military families, and excluding any personally identifiable information. 
 (D)  Regularly updated information on research projects supported or conducted by the Department pertaining to treatment options for drinking water, surface water, ground water, and the safe disposal of perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
 (E)  Budget information, including specific spending information for the research projects relating to perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances that are supported or conducted by the Department. 136 STAT. 2529 
 (F)  Such other matters as may be relevant to ongoing research projects supported or conducted by the Department to address the use of perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances and the health effects of the use of such substances. 
 
 (2)  Format .— The information published under paragraph (1) shall be made available in a downloadable, machine-readable, open, and user-friendly format. 
 (3)  Definitions .— In this subsection: (A)  The term “ military installation ” includes active, inactive, and former military installations. 
 (B)  The term “ perfluoroalkyl substance ” means a man-made chemical of which all of the carbon atoms are fully fluorinated carbon atoms. 
 (C)  The term “ polyfluoroalkyl substance ” means a man-made chemical containing a mix of fully fluorinated carbon atoms, partially fluorinated carbon atoms, and nonfluorinated carbon atoms. 
 
 
 (b)  Inclusion of Research Duties in Perfluoroalkyl Substances and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances Task Force .— Section 2714(e) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraphs: “(5)  Supporting research efforts relating to perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances. 
 “(6)  Establishing practices to ensure the timely and complete dissemination of research findings and related data relating to perfluoroalkyl substances or polyfluoroalkyl substances to the general public.” 
 .