SEC. 386.  INTERAGENCY COLLABORATION AND EXTENSION OF PILOT PROGRAM ON MILITARY WORKING DOGS AND EXPLOSIVES DETECTION. (a)  Extension of Pilot Program .— Section 381(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  135 Stat. 1672 ;  10 U.S.C. 3062 note )  is amended  by  striking  “ 2024 ” and  inserting  “ 2025 ”. 
 (b)  Review of Research Efforts of Department of Defense and Department of Homeland Security .— (1)  Review .— The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall conduct a review of the recent and ongoing research, testing, and evaluation efforts of the Department of Defense and the Department of  136 STAT. 2545 
Homeland Security, respectively, regarding explosives detection working dogs. 
 (2)  Analyses. Matters .— The review under paragraph (1) shall include an analysis of the following: (A)  Any recent or ongoing research efforts of the Department of Defense or the Department of Homeland Security, respectively, relating to explosives detection working dogs, and any similarities between such efforts. 
 (B)  Any recent or ongoing veterinary research efforts of the Department of Defense or the Department of Homeland Security, respectively, relating to working dogs, canines, or other areas that may be relevant to the improvement of the breeding, health, performance, or training of explosives detection working dogs. 
 (C)  Any research areas relating to explosives detection working dogs in which there is a need for ongoing research but no such ongoing research is being carried out by either the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Homeland Security, particularly with respect to the health, domestic breeding, and training of explosives detection working dogs. 
 (D)  How the recent and ongoing research efforts of the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security, respectively, may improve the domestic breeding of working dogs, including explosives detection working dogs, and the health outcomes and performance of such domestically bred working dogs, including through coordination with academic or industry partners with experience in research relating to working dogs. 
 (E)  Potential opportunities for the Secretary of Defense to collaborate with the Secretary of Homeland Security on research relating to explosives detection working dogs. 
 (F)  Any research partners of the Department of Defense or the Department of Homeland Security, or both, that may be beneficial in assisting with the research efforts and areas described in this subsection. 
 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Plan Required .— Not later than 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan for the Secretary of Defense to collaborate, as appropriate, with the Secretary of Homeland Security on research relating to explosives detection working dogs and other relevant matters. Such plan shall include the following: (1)  Analysis. An analysis of potential opportunities for collaboration between the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security on the research efforts and areas described in subsection (a)(2). 
 (2)  An identification of specific programs or areas of research for such collaboration. 
 (3)  An identification of any additional agreements or authorities necessary for the Secretaries to carry out such collaboration. 
 (4)  An identification of additional funding necessary to carry out such collaboration. 
 (5)  Analysis. An analysis of potential coordination on the research efforts and areas described in subsection (a)(2) with academic and industry partners with experience in research relating to working dogs, including an identification of potential  136 STAT. 2546 
opportunities for such coordination in carrying out the collaboration described in paragraph (1). 
 (6)  Timeline. A proposed timeline for the Secretary of Defense to engage in such collaboration, including specific proposed deadlines. 
 (7)  A description of how programs carried out pursuant to this section seek to address the health and welfare issues identified by the Comptroller General of the United States in the report titled “Working Dogs: Federal Agencies Need to Better Address Health and Welfare” published on October 19, 2022 (GAO-23-104489). 
 (8)  Any other matters the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. 
 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (A)  The congressional defense committees. 
 (B)  The Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
 (C)  The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. 
 
 (2)  The term “ explosives detection working dog ” means a canine that, in connection with the work duties of the canine performed for a Federal department or agency, is certified and trained to detect odors indicating the presence of explosives in a given object or area, in addition to the performance of such other duties for the Federal department or agency as may be assigned.