SEC. 352.  ANNUAL PLAN FOR MAINTENANCE AND MODERNIZATION OF NAVAL VESSELS. (a)  Annual Plan .— Section 231 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in the heading, by  inserting  “ , maintenance, and modernization ” after “ construction ”; 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subsections (d) through (f) as subsections (e) through (g), respectively; 
 (3)  by  inserting  after subsection (c) the following new subsection: “(d)  Annual Plan for Maintenance and Modernization of Naval Vessels .— In addition to the plan included under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary of Defense shall include with the defense budget materials for a fiscal year each of the following: “(1)  A plan for the maintenance and modernization of naval vessels that includes the following: “(A)  A forecast of the maintenance and modernization requirements for both the naval vessels in the inventory of the Navy and the vessels required to be delivered under the naval vessel construction plan under subsection (a)(1). 
 “(B)  A description of the initiatives of the Secretary of the Navy to ensure that activities key to facilitating the maintenance and modernization of naval vessels (including with respect to increasing workforce and industrial base capability and capacity, shipyard level-loading, and facility improvements) receive sufficient resourcing, and are including in appropriate planning, to facilitate the requirements specified in subparagraph (A). 136 STAT. 2534 
 
 “(2)  Certification. A certification by the Secretary that both the budget for that fiscal year and the future-years defense program submitted to Congress in relation to such budget under section 221 of this title provide for funding for the maintenance and modernization of naval vessels at a level that is sufficient for such maintenance and modernization in accordance with the plan under paragraph (1).” 
 
 ; and 
 (4)  in subsection (f), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by  inserting  “  and the plan and certification under subsection (d) ” after “ subsection (a) ”. 
 
 (b)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of  chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code , 10 USC prec. 221.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 231 and  inserting  the following new item: 
 
 “231.  
 Budgeting for construction, maintenance, and modernization of naval vessels: annual plan and certification.”.