SEC. 337.  BRIEFING ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EFFORTS TO TRACK HEALTH IMPLICATIONS OF FUEL LEAKS AT RED HILL BULK FUEL STORAGE FACILITY. (a)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the efforts of the Secretary of Defense to appropriately track the health implications of fuel leaks at the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility for members of the Armed Forces and dependents thereof, including members of each Armed Force and dependents thereof. The briefing shall include each of the following: (1)  Plan. Coordination. A plan to coordinate with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to align such efforts with the public health assessment and monitoring efforts of the Director. 
 (2)  A description of any potential benefits of coordinating and sharing data with the State of Hawaii Department of Health. 
 (3)  Analysis. An analysis of the extent to which data from the State of Hawaii Department of Health and data from other non-Department of Defense sources can and should be used in any long-term health study relating to fuel leaks at the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility. 
 (4)  A description of the potential health implications of contaminants, including fuel, detected in the drinking water distribution system at the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility during testing after the fuel leaks at such facility that occurred in May and November 2021, respectively. 
 (5)  Time period. A description of any contaminants, including fuel, detected in the water supply at the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility during the 12-month period preceding the fuel leak at such facility that occurred in November 2021. 136 STAT. 2528 
 (6)  A description of any potential benefits of broadening the tracing window to include indications of contaminants, including fuel, in the drinking water supply at the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility prior to May 2021. 
 
 (b)  Armed Forces Defined .— In this section, the term “ Armed Forces ” has the meaning given that term in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code .