SEC. 332.  Deadlines. AUTHORIZATION OF CLOSURE OF UNDERGROUND STORAGE TANK SYSTEM AT RED HILL BULK FUEL STORAGE FACILITY. (a)  Authorization .— The Secretary of Defense may close the underground storage tank system at the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility of the Department of Defense located in Hawaii (in this section referred to as the “Facility”). 
 (b)  Plan for Facility Closure and Post-closure Care .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a plan for— (A)  Reports. Cost projections. the closure of the Facility, along with a report on the cost projections for such closure; 
 (B)  monitoring of the Facility following closure; 
 (C)  corrective actions to mitigate fuel releases of groundwater at the Facility, including resources necessary for the Secretary of the Navy to conduct such actions at the Facility; 
 (D)  coordination and communication with applicable Federal and State regulatory authorities, and surrounding communities, on release response and remediation activities conducted by the Secretary of the Navy at the Facility; 
 (E)  improvements to processes, procedures, organization, training, leadership, education, facilities, and policy of the Department of Defense related to best practices for the remediation and closure of the Facility; and 
 (F)  measures to ensure that future strategic level assets of the Department of Defense are properly maintained and critical environmental assets are protected. 
 
 (2)  Preparation of plan .— The Secretary of the Navy shall prepare the plan required under paragraph (1) in consultation with the following: (A)  The Environmental Protection Agency. 
 (B)  The Hawaii Department of Health. 
 (C)  The United States Geological Survey. 
 (D)  Any other relevant Federal or State agencies the Secretary considers appropriate. 
 
 
 (c)  Identification of Point of Contact at Department of Defense .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to ensure clear and consistent communication relating to defueling, closure, and release response, the Secretary of Defense shall identify a single point of contact within the Office of the  136 STAT. 2523 
Secretary of Defense to oversee and communicate with the public and Members of Congress regarding the status of the Facility. 
 (d)  Water Monitoring Briefing .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the status of the ground water monitoring program— (1)  to monitor movement of the fuel plume in the aquifer surrounding the Facility; 
 (2)  to monitor long-term impacts to such aquifer and local water bodies resulting from fuel releases from the Facility; and 
 (3)  to coordinate with the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry of the Department of Health and Human Services as the Agency conducts a follow up to the previously conducted voluntary survey of individuals and entities potentially impacted by fuel releases from the Facility.