SEC. 359.  RESEARCH AND ANALYSIS ON CAPACITY OF PRIVATE SHIPYARDS IN UNITED STATES AND EFFECT OF THOSE SHIPYARDS ON NAVAL FLEET READINESS. (a)  Deadline. Contracts. In General .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall seek to enter into an agreement with a nonprofit entity or a federally funded research and development center to conduct research and analysis regarding the capacity and capability of private shipyards in the United States to repair, maintain, and modernize surface combatants and support ships of the Navy to ensure fleet readiness. 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The research and analysis conducted under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Time period. An assessment of the maintenance needs of the Navy during the five-year period preceding the date of the enactment of this Act, including the frequency of unplanned maintenance and the average time it takes to repair ships. 
 (2)  Time period. An assessment of the projected maintenance needs of the Navy during the 10-year period following such date of enactment. 
 (3)  An assessment of whether current private shipyards in the United States have the capacity to meet current and anticipated needs of the Navy to maintain and repair ships, including whether there are adequate ship repair facilities and a sufficiently trained workforce. 
 (4)  An identification of barriers limiting the success of intermediate-level and depot-level maintenance availabilities, including constraints of  adding  private depot capacity and capability. 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations based on the findings of paragraphs (1) through (4) regarding actions the Secretary of the Navy can take to ensure there is an industrial base of private ship repair facilities to meet the needs of the Navy and ensure fleet readiness, including whether the Secretary should institute a new force generation model, establish additional homeport facilities, or establish new hub-type maintenance facilities. 
 
 (c)  Consultation. Input From Private Shipyards .— In conducting research and analysis under subsection (a), the nonprofit entity or federally funded research and development center with which the Secretary  136 STAT. 2537 
of the Navy enters into an agreement under subsection (a) shall consult with private shipyards regarding— (1)  the fleet maintenance needs of surface combatant and support ships of the Navy; 
 (2)  private shipyard capacity, including workforce; and 
 (3)  additional investment in private shipyards necessary to meet the needs of the Navy. 
 
 (d)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the nonprofit entity or federally funded research and development center with which the Secretary of the Navy enters into an agreement under subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary a report on the results of the research and analysis undertaken under such subsection. 
 (2)  Records. Submission to congress .— Not later than 30 days after the Secretary receives the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a copy of the report.