“SEC. 3.  DEFINITIONS.   “In this Act: “(1)  Adult service program .— The term ‘ adult service program ’ means a program that provides services to, or is otherwise substantially involved with the major life functions of, individuals with disabilities. Such term includes— “(A)  a program providing residential, supportive, or employment-related services, to individuals with disabilities; 
 “(B)  a program carried out by a center for independent living, such as a center described in part C of title VII of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 ( 29 U.S.C. 796f et seq. ); 
 “(C)  a program carried out by an employment support agency connected to adult vocational rehabilitation, such as a one-stop partner, as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act ( 29 U.S.C. 3102 ); and 
 “(D)  a program carried out by another organization or vender licensed or registered by the designated State agency, as defined in section 7 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 ( 29 U.S.C. 705 ). 136 STAT. 3262 
 
 “(2)  American indian consortium .— The term ‘ American Indian consortium ’ means an entity that is an American Indian Consortium (as defined in section 102 of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 ( 42 U.S.C. 15002 )), and that is established to provide protection and advocacy services for purposes of receiving funding under subtitle C of title I of such Act ( 42 U.S.C. 15041 et seq. ). 
 “(3)  Assistive technology .— The term ‘ assistive technology ’ means technology designed to be utilized in an assistive technology device or assistive technology service. 
 “(4)  Assistive technology device .— The term ‘ assistive technology device ’ means any item, piece of equipment, or product system, whether acquired commercially, modified, or customized, that is used to increase, maintain, or improve functional capabilities of individuals with disabilities. 
 “(5)  Assistive technology service .— The term ‘ assistive technology service ’ means any service that directly assists an individual with a disability in the selection, acquisition, or use of an assistive technology device. Such term includes— “(A)  the evaluation of the assistive technology needs of an individual with a disability, including a functional evaluation of the impact of the provision of appropriate assistive technology devices and services to the individual in the customary environment of the individual; 
 “(B)  a service consisting of purchasing, leasing, or otherwise providing for the acquisition of assistive technology devices by individuals with disabilities; 
 “(C)  a service consisting of selecting, designing, fitting, customizing, adapting, applying, maintaining, repairing, replacing, or donating assistive technology devices; 
 “(D)  coordination and use of necessary therapies, interventions, or services with assistive technology devices, such as therapies, interventions, or services associated with education and rehabilitation plans and programs; 
 “(E)  instruction or technical assistance for an individual with a disability or, where appropriate, the family members, guardians, advocates, or authorized representatives of such an individual; 
 “(F)  instruction or technical assistance for professionals (including individuals providing education and rehabilitation services and entities that manufacture or sell assistive technology devices), employers, providers of employment and training services, or other individuals who provide services to, employ, or are otherwise substantially involved in the major life functions of individuals with disabilities; and 
 “(G)  a service consisting of expanding the availability of access to technology, including electronic and information technology, to individuals with disabilities. 
 
 “(6)  Capacity building and advocacy activities .— The term ‘ capacity building and advocacy activities ’ means efforts that— “(A)  result in laws, regulations, policies, practices, procedures, or organizational structures that promote consumer-responsive programs or entities; and 136 STAT. 3263 
 “(B)  facilitate and increase access to, provision of, and funding for assistive technology devices and assistive technology services, in order to empower individuals with disabilities to achieve greater independence, productivity, and integration and inclusion within the community and the workforce. 
 
 “(7)  Comprehensive statewide program of technology-related assistance .— The term ‘ comprehensive statewide program of technology-related assistance ’ means a consumer-responsive program of technology-related assistance for individuals with disabilities that— “(A)  is implemented by a State; 
 “(B)  is equally available to all individuals with disabilities residing in the State, regardless of their type of disability, age, income level, or location of residence in the State, or the type of assistive technology device or assistive technology service required; and 
 “(C)  incorporates all the activities described in section 4(e) (unless excluded pursuant to section 4(e)(5)). 
 
 “(8)  Consumer-responsive .— The term ‘ consumer-responsive ’— “(A)  with regard to policies, means that the policies are consistent with the principles of— “(i)  respect for individual dignity, personal responsibility, self-determination, and pursuit of meaningful careers, based on informed choice, of individuals with disabilities; 
 “(ii)  respect for the privacy, rights, and equal access (including the use of accessible formats) of such individuals; 
 “(iii)  inclusion, integration, and full participation of such individuals in society; 
 “(iv)  support for the involvement in decisions of a family member, a guardian, an advocate, or an authorized representative, if an individual with a disability requests, desires, or needs such involvement; and 
 “(v)  support for individual and systems advocacy and community involvement; and 
 
 “(B)  with respect to an entity, program, or activity, means that the entity, program, or activity— “(i)  is easily accessible to, and usable by, individuals with disabilities and, when appropriate, their family members, guardians, advocates, or authorized representatives; 
 “(ii)  responds to the needs of individuals with disabilities in a timely and appropriate manner; and 
 “(iii)  facilitates the full and meaningful participation of individuals with disabilities and their family members, guardians, advocates, and authorized representatives, in— “(I)  decisions relating to the provision of assistive technology devices and assistive technology services to such individuals; and 
 “(II)  decisions related to the maintenance, improvement, and evaluation of the comprehensive  136 STAT. 3264 
statewide program of technology-related assistance, including decisions that affect capacity building and advocacy activities. 
 
 
 
 “(9)  Disability .— The term ‘ disability ’ has the meaning given the term under section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ( 42 U.S.C. 12102 ). 
 “(10)  Individual with a disability .— The term ‘ individual with a disability ’ means any individual— “(A)  who has a disability; and 
 “(B)  who is or would be enabled by an assistive technology device or an assistive technology service to minimize deterioration in functioning, to maintain a level of functioning, or to achieve a greater level of functioning in any major life activity. 
 
 “(11)  Institution of higher education .— The term ‘ institution of higher education ’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001(a) ), and includes a community college receiving funding under the Tribally Controlled Colleges and Universities Assistance Act of 1978 ( 25 U.S.C. 1801 et seq. ). 
 “(12)  Protection and advocacy services .— The term ‘ protection and advocacy services ’ means services that— “(A)  are described in subtitle C of title I of the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 ( 42 U.S.C. 15041 et seq. ), the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act ( 42 U.S.C. 10801 et seq. ), or section 509 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 ( 29 U.S.C. 794e ); and 
 “(B)  assist individuals with disabilities with respect to assistive technology devices and assistive technology services. 
 
 “(13)  Secretary .— The term ‘ Secretary ’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Administrator of the Administration for Community Living. 
 “(14)  State .— “(A)  In general .— Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘ State ’ means each of the 50 States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
 “(B)  Outlying areas .— In section 4(b): “(i)  Outlying area .— The term ‘ outlying area ’ means the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
 “(ii)  State .— The term ‘ State ’ does not include the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
 
 
 “(15)  State assistive technology program .— The term ‘ State assistive technology program ’ means a program authorized under section 4. 
 “(16)  Targeted individuals and entities .— The term ‘ targeted individuals and entities ’ means— “(A)  individuals with disabilities and their family members, guardians, advocates, and authorized representatives; 136 STAT. 3265 
 “(B)  underrepresented populations; 
 “(C)  individuals who work for public or private entities (including centers for independent living described in part C of title VII of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 ( 29 U.S.C. 796f et seq. ), insurers, or managed care providers) that have contact with, or provide services to, individuals with disabilities; 
 “(D)  educators and related services personnel, including personnel in elementary, secondary, and postsecondary schools, and in vocational and early intervention programs; 
 “(E)  technology experts (including web designers and procurement officials); 
 “(F)  health, allied health, and rehabilitation professionals, and employees of hospitals, skilled nursing, intermediate care, and assisted living facilities (including discharge planners); 
 “(G)  employers, especially small business employers, and providers of employment and training services; 
 “(H)  entities that manufacture or sell assistive technology devices; 
 “(I)  entities that carry out community programs designed to develop essential community services in rural and urban areas; and 
 “(J)  other appropriate individuals and entities, including public and private entities involved in housing and transportation, as determined for a State by the State. 
 
 “(17)  Underrepresented population .— The term ‘ underrepresented population ’ means a population that is typically underrepresented in service provision, and includes populations such as individuals who have low-incidence disabilities, racial and ethnic minorities, low income individuals, homeless individuals (including children and youth), children in foster care, individuals with limited English proficiency, individuals living in institutions seeking to transition to the community from institutional settings, youth with disabilities aging into adulthood, older individuals, or individuals living in rural areas. 
 “(18)  Universal design .— The term ‘ universal design ’ means a concept or philosophy for designing and delivering products and services that are usable by people with the widest possible range of functional capabilities, which include products and services that are directly accessible (without requiring assistive technologies) and products and services that are interoperable with assistive technologies.