SEC. 3117.  WORKFORCE ENHANCEMENT FOR NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. (a)  Elimination of Cap on Full-time Equivalent Employees of the National Nuclear Security Administration .— Section 3241A of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2441a )  is amended — (1)  by  striking  subsections (a) and (c); 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (a), (b), and (c), respectively; and 
 (3)  by  redesignating  the first subsection (b) as subsection (d) and moving the subsection so as to appear after subsection (c), as redesignated by paragraph (2). 
 
 (b)  Annual Briefing .— Subsection (c) of such section, as so redesignated,  is amended  to read as follows: “(c)  Annual Briefing .— In conjunction with the submission of the budget of the President to Congress pursuant to  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code , the Administrator shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing containing the following information: “(1)  A projection of the expected number of employees of the Office of the Administrator, as counted under subsection (d), for the fiscal year covered by the budget and the four subsequent fiscal years, broken down by the office in which the employees are projected to be assigned. 
 “(2)  With respect to the most recent fiscal year for which data is available— “(A)  the number of service support contracts of the Administration and whether such contracts are funded using program or program direction funds; 
 “(B)  the number of full-time equivalent contractor employees working under each contract identified under subparagraph (A); 
 “(C)  the number of full-time equivalent contractor employees described in subparagraph (B) that have been employed under such a contract for a period greater than two years; 
 “(D)  with respect to each contract identified under subparagraph (A)— “(i)  identification of each appropriations account that supports the contract; and 136 STAT. 3055 
 “(ii)  the amount obligated under the contract during the fiscal year, listed by each such account; and 
 
 “(E)  with respect to each appropriations account identified under subparagraph (D)(i), the total amount obligated for contracts identified under subparagraph (A).” 
 
 
 . 
 (c)  Conforming Amendment .— Subsection (d) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (a),  is amended  by  striking  “ under subsection (a) ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ under subsection (c) ”.