SEC. 3512.  BOARD OF VISITORS.    Section 51312 of title 46, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in subsection (b)— (A)  in paragraph (2)— (i)  by  redesignating  subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); 
 (ii)  in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, by  striking  “ flag-rank who ” and  inserting  “ flag-rank ”; 
 (iii)  in subparagraph (B), by  striking  “ and ” after the semicolon; and 
 (iv)  by  inserting  after subparagraph (B) the following: “(C)  at least 1 shall be a representative of a maritime labor organization; and” 
 ; and 
 
 (B)  in paragraph (3), by  adding  at the end the following: “(C)  Replacement .— If a member of the Board is replaced, not later than 60 days after the date of the replacement, the Designated Federal Officer selected under subsection (g)(2) shall notify that member.” 
 ; 
 
 (2)  in subsection (d)— 136 STAT. 3066 (A)  in paragraph (1), by  inserting  “ and 2 additional meetings, which may be held in person or virtually ” after “ Academy ”; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(3)  Coordination. Determination. Scheduling; notification .— When scheduling a meeting of the Board, the Designated Federal Officer shall coordinate, to the greatest extent practicable, with the members of the Board to determine the date and time of the meeting. Members of  Deadline. the Board shall be notified of the date of each meeting not less than 30 days prior to the meeting date.” 
 ; 
 
 (3)  in subsection (e), by  adding  at the end the following: “(4)  Staff .— One or more staff of each member of the Board may accompany them on Academy visits. 
 “(5)  Coordination. Determination. Scheduling; notification .— When scheduling a visit to the Academy, the Designated Federal Officer shall coordinate, to the greatest extent practicable, with the members of the Board to determine the date and time of the visit. Members of  Deadline. the Board shall be notified of the date of each visit not less than 30 days prior to the visit date.” 
 ; and 
 (4)  in subsection (h)— (A)  by  inserting  “ and ranking member ” after “ chairman ” each place the term appears; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following: “ Such staff may attend meetings and may visit the Academy. ”.