“SEC. 323.  6 USC 195i . CHEMICAL SECURITY ANALYSIS CENTER. “(a)  In General .— The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, shall designate the laboratory described in subsection (b) as an additional laboratory pursuant to the authority under section 308(c)(2), which shall be used to conduct studies, analyses, and research to assess and address domestic chemical security events. 
 “(b)  Laboratory Described .— The laboratory described in this subsection is the laboratory known, as of the date of enactment of this section, as the Chemical Security Analysis Center. 
 “(c)  Laboratory Activities .— Pursuant to the authority under section 302(4), the Chemical Security Analysis Center shall— “(1)  identify and develop approaches and mitigation strategies to domestic chemical security threats, including the development of comprehensive, research-based definable goals relating to such approaches and mitigation strategies; 
 “(2)  provide an enduring science-based chemical threat and hazard analysis capability; 
 “(3)  provide expertise regarding risk and consequence modeling, chemical sensing and detection, analytical chemistry, acute chemical toxicology, synthetic chemistry and reaction characterization, and nontraditional chemical agents and emerging chemical threats; 
 “(4)  staff and operate a technical assistance program that provides operational support and subject matter expertise, design and execute laboratory and field tests, and provide a comprehensive knowledge repository of chemical threat  136 STAT. 3625 
information that is continuously updated with data from scientific, intelligence, operational, and private sector sources; 
 “(5)  Consultation. consult, as appropriate, with the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office of the Department to mitigate, prepare, and respond to threats, hazards, and risks associated with domestic chemical security events; and 
 “(6)  carry out such other activities authorized under this section as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 “(d)  Special Rule .— Nothing in this section amends, alters, or affects— “(1)  the responsibilities of the Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction Office of the Department; or 
 “(2)  the activities or requirements authorized to other entities within the Federal Government, including the activities and requirements of the Environmental Protection Agency under section 112(r) of the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7412(r) ), the Toxic Substances Control Act ( 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. ), and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (commonly referred to as ‘Superfund’;  42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ).”