SEC. 382.  ACCOUNTABILITY FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CONTRACTORS USING MILITARY WORKING DOGS. (a)  In General .— Chapter 50 of title 10,  10 USC prec. 991. United States Code,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section (and conforming the table of sections at the beginning of such chapter accordingly): “§ 995.   10 USC 995 . Accountability for contractors using military working dogs “(a)  Annual Reporting Requirement for Contractors .— Each covered contract shall specify that the contractor is required to submit to the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), on an annual basis for the duration of the covered contract, a report containing an identification of— “(1)  the number of military working dogs that are in the possession of the covered contractor and located outside of the continental United States in support of a military operation, if any; and 
 “(2)  the primary location of any such military working dogs. 
 
 “(b)  Covered Contract Defined .— In this section the term ‘ covered contract ’ means a contract that the Secretary of Defense determines involves military working dogs.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Effective date. 10 USC 995 note . Applicability .— Section 995 of title 10, United States Code , as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to a contract entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (c)  Deadlines. Time period. Briefing Requirement .— Not later than March 1, 2023, and annually thereafter for each of the subsequent three years, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the implementation of  section 995 of title 10, United States Code , as added by subsection (a). 
 (d)  10 USC 995 note . Deadline for Guidance .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall issue the guidance on the annual reporting requirement under  section 995 of title 10, United States Code , as added by subsection (a). 
 (e)  Deadline. 10 USC note  prec. 991. Regulations to Prohibit Abandonment .— Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the abandonment of military working dogs used in support of a military operation outside of the continental United States. 136 STAT. 2544