SEC. 388.  10 USC 2661 note . NATIONAL STANDARDS FOR FEDERAL FIRE PROTECTION AT MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. (a)  Deadline. Standards Required .— Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that— (1)  Compliance. members of the Armed Forces and employees of Defense Agencies who provide fire protection services to military installations comply with the national consensus standards developed by the National Fire Protection Association; 136 STAT. 2547 
 (2)  the minimum staffing requirement for any firefighting vehicle responding to a structural building emergency at a military installation is not less than four firefighters per vehicle; and 
 (3)  the minimum staffing requirement for any firefighting vehicle responding to an aircraft or airfield incident at a military installation is not less than three firefighters per vehicle. 
 
 (b)  Reports Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary of a military department shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report that— (1)  details each instance in which the standards of that military department deviate from the national consensus standards specified in subsection (a)(1), and at what military installation; 
 (2)  includes, for each military installation under the jurisdiction of that Secretary, a detailed description of response times for emergency services and firefighting vehicle staffing levels; and 
 (3)  Assessment. includes an assessment of the feasibility of requiring compliance with the national consensus standards specified in subsection (a)(1) in accordance with such subsection at each military installation under the jurisdiction of that Secretary (without exception), the cost of requiring such compliance, and the estimated timeline for that Secretary to implement such requirement. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The terms “Armed Forces” and “Defense Agency” have the meanings given such terms in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  The term “ firefighter ” has the meaning given that term in section 707(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020 ( Pub. L. 116–92 ;  10 U.S.C. 1074m note ). 
 (3)  The term “ military installation ” has the meaning given that term in  section 2801 of title 10, United States Code .