SEC. 402.  END STRENGTH LEVEL MATTERS. (a)  Strength Levels to Support National Defense Strategy .— (1)  Repeal .— Section 691 of title 10, United States Code , is  repealed . 
 (2)  Table of sections .— The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 39 of such title 10 USC prec. 671.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 691. 
 
 (b)  Certain Active-duty and Selected Reserve Strengths .— Section 115 of such title  is amended — (1)  in subsection (f), by  striking  “ increase ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ vary ”; and 
 (2)  in subsection (g)— (A)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  subparagraphs (A) and (B) and  inserting  the following new subparagraphs: “(A)  vary the end strength pursuant to subsection (a)(1)(A) for a fiscal year for the armed force or forces under the jurisdiction of that Secretary by a number not equal to more than two percent of such authorized end strength; and 136 STAT. 2552 
 “(B)  vary the end strength pursuant to subsection (a)(2) for a fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of the reserve component of the armed force or forces under the jurisdiction of that Secretary by a number equal to not more than one percent of such authorized end strength.” 
 ; 
 (B)  in paragraph (2), by  striking  “ increase ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ variance ”; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph (3): “(3)  Notification. Time period. The Secretary of the military department concerned shall promptly notify the congressional defense committees if such Secretary exceeds a variance under paragraph (1), and at least once every 90 days thereafter for so long as such end strength is outside such variance. Each such notification shall include the following: “(A)  Modified projected end strengths for active and reserve components of the armed force or forces for which such Secretary exceeds such variance. 
 “(B)  An identification of any budgetary effects projected as a result of such modified end strength projections. 
 “(C)  An explanation of any effects on readiness resulting from such modified end strength projections.” 
 
 .