SEC. 595.  10 USC 2672 note . PILOT PROGRAM ON SAFE STORAGE OF PERSONALLY OWNED FIREARMS. (a)  Establishment .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to promote the safe storage of personally owned firearms. 
 (b)  Elements .— Under the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall furnish to members of the Armed Forces who are participating in the pilot program at military installations selected under subsection (e) locking devices or firearm safes, or both, for the purpose of securing personally owned firearms when not in use (including by directly providing, subsidizing, or otherwise making available such devices or safes). 
 (c)  Participation .— (1)  Voluntary participation .— Participation by members of the Armed Forces in the pilot program under subsection (a) shall be on a voluntary basis. 
 (2)  Location of participants .— A member of the Armed Forces may participate in the pilot program under subsection (a) carried out at a military installation selected under subsection (e) regardless of whether the member resides at the military installation. 
 
 (d)  Deadline. Plan .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan for the implementation of the pilot program under subsection (a). 
 (e)  Deadline. Selection of Installations .— Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall select not fewer than five military installations at which to carry out the pilot program under subsection (a). 
 (f)  Effect on Existing Policies .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to circumvent or undermine any existing safe storage policies, laws, or regulations on military installations. 
 (g)  Report .— Upon the termination under subsection (h) of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the following information: (1)  The number and type of locking devices and firearm safes furnished to members of the Armed Forces under the pilot program. 
 (2)  Costs. The cost of carrying out the pilot program. 136 STAT. 2614 
 (3)  Analysis. An analysis of the effect of the pilot program on suicide prevention. 
 (4)  Such other information as the Secretary may determine appropriate, which shall exclude any personally identifiable information about participants in the pilot program. 
 
 (h)  Termination .— The pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is six years after the date of the enactment of this Act.