SEC. 576.  10 USC 1792 note . PILOT PROGRAM ON HIRING OF SPECIAL NEEDS INCLUSION COORDINATORS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CHILD DEVELOPMENT CENTERS. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall carry out a pilot program to hire special needs inclusion coordinators at child development centers selected by the Secretary under subsection (b). 
 (b)  Selection of Centers .— The Secretary of Defense shall select the child development centers at which the pilot program required by subsection (a) will be carried out based on— (1)  the number of dependent children enrolled in the Exceptional Family Member Program at the military installation on which the center in located; 
 (2)  the number of children with special needs enrolled in the center; and 
 (3)  such other considerations as the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, considers appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Functions .— Each special needs inclusion coordinator assigned to a child development center under the pilot program required by subsection (a) shall— (1)  coordinate intervention and inclusion services at the center; 
 (2)  provide direct classroom support; and 
 (3)  provide guidance and assistance relating to the increased complexity of working with the behaviors of children with special needs. 
 
 (d)  Deadlines. Briefings Required .— (1)  Briefing on anticipated costs .— Not later than March 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the anticipated costs for the pilot program required by subsection (a). 
 (2)  Briefing on effectiveness of program .— Not later than September 30, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the pilot program required by subsection (a) that includes— (A)  the number of special needs inclusion coordinators hired under the pilot program; 
 (B)  a description of any issues relating to the retention of those coordinators; 
 (C)  Recommenda- tions. a recommendation with respect to whether the pilot program should be made permanent or expanded to other military installations; and 
 (D)  Assessment. an assessment of the amount of funding required to make the pilot program permanent or expand the pilot program to other military installations, as the Secretary recommends under subparagraph (C). 
 
 
 (e)  Duration of Pilot Program .— The pilot program required by subsection (a) shall— (1)  commence not later than January 1, 2024; and 
 (2)  terminate on December 31, 2026. 
 
 (f)  Child Development Center Defined .— In this section, the term “ child development center ” has the meaning given that  136 STAT. 2606 
term in  section 2871(2) of title 10, United States Code , and includes a facility identified as a child care center or day care center.