SEC. 554.  NAVAL POSTGRADUATE SCHOOL AND UNITED STATES AIR FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY: TERMS OF PROVOSTS AND CHIEF ACADEMIC OFFICERS. (a)  Naval Postgraduate School .— (1)  In general .— Section 8543 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (A)  by  striking  “ Academic Dean ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ Chief Academic Officer ”; 
 (B)  in subsection (a), by  striking  the second sentence and  inserting  “ An individual selected by the Secretary of the Navy for the position of Provost and Chief Academic Officer shall serve in that position for a term of not more than five years and may be continued in that position for an additional term of up to five years. ” 
 
 (2)  Technical and conforming amendments .— (A)  Section heading .— The heading of such section  is amended  by  striking  “ Academic Dean ” and  inserting  “ Chief Academic Officer ”. 
 (B)  Table of sections .— The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 855 of such title is  10 USC prec. 8541. amended by  striking  the item relating to section 8543 and  inserting  the following new item: 
 
 “8543.  
 Provost and Chief Academic Officer.”. 
 
 
 (C)  Conforming amendment .— Section 8542(a)(4)(A)(ii)(II) of such title  is amended  by  striking  “ permanently appointed to the position of Provost and Academic Dean ” and  inserting  “ selected for the position of Provost and Chief Academic Officer ”. 
 
 
 (b)  United States Air Force Institute of Technology .— Subsection (b) of section 9414b of such title  is amended — (1)  in the heading, by  striking  “ Academic Dean ” and  inserting  “ Chief Academic Officer ”; 
 (2)  by  striking  “ Academic Dean ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ Chief Academic Officer ”; 
 (3)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ appointed ” and  inserting  “ selected ”; and 
 (4)  by  striking  paragraph (2) and  inserting  the following: “(2)  Term .— An individual selected for the position of Provost and Chief Academic Officer shall serve in that position for a term of not more than five years and may be continued in that position for an additional term of up to five years.” 
 . 136 STAT. 2595