SEC. 5272.  DEFINITION OF APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES.   The Inspector General Act of 1978 ( 5 U.S.C. App. )  is amended — (1)  5 USC app. 5 . in section 5— (A)  in subsection (b), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by  striking  “ committees or subcommittees of the Congress ” and  inserting  “ congressional committees ”; and 
 (B)  in subsection (d), by  striking  “ committees or subcommittees of Congress ” and  inserting  “ congressional committees ”; 
 
 (2)  in section 5 USC app. 6 .  6(h)(4)— (A)  in subparagraph (B), by  striking  “ Government ”; and 
 (B)  by  amending  subparagraph (C) to read as follows: “(C)  Any other relevant congressional committee or subcommittee of jurisdiction.” 
 ; 
 
 (3)  in 5 USC app. 8 .  section 8— (A)  in subsection (b)— (i)  in paragraph (3), by  striking  “ the Committees on Armed Services and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Government Reform and Oversight of the House of Representatives and to other appropriate committees or subcommittees of the Congress ” and  inserting  “ the appropriate congressional committees, including the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives ”; and 
 (ii)  in paragraph (4), by  striking  “ and to other appropriate committees or subcommittees ”; and 
 
 (B)  in subsection (f)— (i)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ the Committees on Armed Services and on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committees on Armed Services and on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and to other appropriate committees or subcommittees of Congress ” and  inserting  “ the appropriate congressional  136 STAT. 3240 
committees, including the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives ”; and 
 (ii)  in paragraph (2), by  striking  “ committees or subcommittees of the Congress ” and  inserting  “ congressional committees ”; 
 
 
 (4)  in section 5 USC app. 8D .  8D— (A)  in subsection (a)(3), by  striking  “ Committees on Governmental Affairs and Finance of the Senate and the Committees on Government Operations and Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and to other appropriate committees or subcommittees of the Congress ” and  inserting  “ appropriate congressional committees, including the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives ”; and 
 (B)  in subsection (g)— (i)  in paragraph (1)— (I)  by  striking  “ committees or subcommittees of the Congress ” and  inserting  “ congressional committees ”; and 
 (II)  by  striking  “ Committees on Governmental Affairs and Finance of the Senate and the Committees on Government Reform and Oversight and Ways and Means of the House of Representatives ” and  inserting  “ Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives ”; and 
 
 (ii)  in paragraph (2), by  striking  “ committees or subcommittees of Congress ” and  inserting  “ congressional committees ”; 
 
 
 (5)  in  5 USC app. 8E . section 8E— (A)  in subsection (a)(3), by  striking  “ Committees on Governmental Affairs and Judiciary of the Senate and the Committees on Government Operations and Judiciary of the House of Representatives, and to other appropriate committees or subcommittees of the Congress ” and  inserting  “ appropriate congressional committees, including the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives ”; and 
 (B)  in subsection (c)— (i)  by  striking  “ committees or subcommittees of the Congress ” and  inserting  “ congressional committees ”; and 
 (ii)  by  striking  “ Committees on the Judiciary and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committees on the Judiciary and Government Operations of the House of Representatives ” and  inserting  “ Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives ”; 
 
 
 (6)  in section 5 USC app. 8G .  8G(f)(3)— (A)  in subparagraph (A)(iii), by  striking  “ Committee on Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Government Reform and Oversight of the House of Representatives, and to other appropriate committees or  136 STAT. 3241 
subcommittees of the Congress ” and  inserting  “ the appropriate congressional committees ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  subparagraph (C); 
 
 (7)  in section 5 USC app. 8I .  8I— (A)  in subsection (a)(3), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ committees and subcommittees of Congress ” and  inserting  “ congressional committees ”; and 
 (B)  in subsection (d), by  striking  “ committees and subcommittees of Congress ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ congressional committees ”; 
 
 (8)  in section 8N(b), 5 USC app. 8N .  by  striking  “ committees of Congress ” and  inserting  “ congressional committees ”; 
 (9)  in section 5 USC app. 11 .  11— (A)  in subsection (b)(3)(B)(viii)— (i)  by  striking  subclauses (III) and (IV); 
 (ii)  in subclause (I), by  adding  “ and ” at the end; and 
 (iii)  by  amending  subclause (II) to read as follows: “(II)  the appropriate congressional committees.” 
 ; and 
 
 (B)  in subsection (d)(8)(A)(iii), by  striking  “ to the ” and all that follows through “ jurisdiction ” and  inserting  “ to the appropriate congressional committees ”; and 
 
 (10)  in section 5 USC app. 12 .  12— (A)  in paragraph (4), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (B)  in paragraph (5), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(6)  the term ‘ appropriate congressional committees ’ means— “(A)  the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
 “(B)  the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives; and 
 “(C)  any other relevant congressional committee or subcommittee of jurisdiction.” 
 
 .