SEC. 533.  REPORT ON RECRUITING EFFORTS OF CERTAIN ARMED FORCES. (a)  Report Required .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on recruiting efforts of the covered Armed Forces. 
 (b)  Time period. Elements .— The report shall contain, with regards to the covered Armed Forces during fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the following elements: (1)  A comparison of— (A)  the number of active duty enlistments from each geographic region; 
 (B)  the number of recruiters stationed in each geographic region; and 
 (C)  advertising dollars spent in each geographic region, including annual numbers and averages. 
 
 (2)  A comparison of the number of active duty enlistments produced by each recruiting battalion, recruiting district, or recruiting region, the number of recruiters stationed in each battalion, and advertising dollars spent in support of each battalion, including annual numbers and averages. 
 (3)  Analysis. An analysis of the geographic dispersion of enlistments by military occupational specialty. 
 (4)  Analysis. An analysis of the amount of Federal funds spent on advertising per active duty enlistment by recruiting battalion, recruiting district, or recruiting region, and a ranked list of those battalions from most efficient to least efficient. 
 (5)  A comparison of the race, religion, sex, education levels, military occupational specialties, and waivers for enlistment granted to enlistees by geographic region and recruiting battalion, recruiting district, or recruiting region of responsibility. 
 (6)  Assessment. An assessment of obstacles that recruiters face in the field, including access to schools and administrative support. 
 (7)  Efforts the Secretary of the military department concerned is taking to mitigate obstacles described in paragraph (6). 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered Armed Force ” means an Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of a military department. 
 (2)  The term “ geographic region ” means a region used for the 2020 decennial census. 136 STAT. 2577