SEC. 549A.  BRIEFING AND REPORT ON RESOURCING REQUIRED FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF MILITARY JUSTICE REFORM. (a)  Briefing and Report Required .— (1)  Deadlines. Time period. Termination date. Briefing .— Not later than March 1, 2023, and no less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter through December 31, 2024, each Secretary concerned shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing that details the resourcing necessary to implement subtitle D of title V of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal  136 STAT. 2589 
Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ) and the amendments made by that subtitle. 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary concerned shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that details the resourcing necessary to implement subtitle D of title V of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ) and the amendments made by that subtitle. 
 (3)  Form of briefing and report .— The Secretaries concerned may provide the briefings and report required under paragraphs (1) and (2) jointly, or separately, as determined appropriate by such Secretaries. 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The briefing and report required under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1)  The number of personnel and personnel authorizations (military and civilian) required by the Armed Forces to implement and execute the provisions of subtitle D of title V of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ) and the amendments made by that subtitle. 
 (2)  The basis for the numbers provided pursuant to paragraph (1), including the following: (A)  A description of the organizational structure in which such personnel or groups of personnel are or will be aligned. 
 (B)  The nature of the duties and functions to be performed by any such personnel or groups of personnel across the domains of policy-making, execution, assessment, and oversight. 
 (C)  The optimum caseload goal assigned to the following categories of personnel who are or will participate in the military justice process: criminal investigators of different levels and expertise, laboratory personnel, defense counsel, special trial counsel, military defense counsel, military judges, military magistrates, and paralegals. 
 (D)  Any required increase in the number of personnel currently authorized in law to be assigned to the Armed Force concerned. 
 
 (3)  The nature and scope of any contract required by the Armed Force concerned to implement and execute the provisions of subtitle D of title V of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ) and the amendments made by that subtitle. 
 (4)  The amount and types of additional funding required by the Armed Force concerned to implement the provisions of subtitle D of title V of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ) and the amendments made by that subtitle. 
 (5)  Any additional authorities required to implement the provisions of subtitle D of title V of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ) and the amendments made by that subtitle. 
 (6)  Any additional information the Secretary concerned determines is necessary to ensure the manning, equipping, and resourcing of the Armed Forces to implement and execute the provisions of subtitle D of title V of the National Defense  136 STAT. 2590 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ) and the amendments made by that subtitle. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  The term “ Secretary concerned ” has the meaning given that term in  section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code .