SEC. 508.  IMPROVEMENTS TO THE SELECTION OF WARRANT OFFICERS IN THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS FOR PROMOTION. (a)  Promotion by Selection Boards: Recommendation; Exclusion From Consideration .— Section 575 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsections: “(e) (1)  In selecting the warrant officers to be recommended for promotion, a selection board shall, when authorized by the Secretary concerned, recommend warrant officers of particular merit, pursuant to guidelines and procedures prescribed by the Secretary concerned, from among those warrant officers selected for promotion, to be placed higher on the promotion list contained in the report of such board under section 576(c) of this title. 
 “(2)  A selection board may recommend that a warrant officer be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1) only if the warrant officer receives the recommendation of at least a majority of the members of the board, unless the Secretary concerned establishes an alternative requirement. Any such alternate requirement shall be furnished to the board as part of the guidelines furnished to the board under section 576 of this title. 
 “(3)  For the warrant officers recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1), the board shall recommend the order in which those warrant officers should be placed on the list. 
 
 “(f) (1)  Upon the request of a warrant officer, the Secretary concerned may exclude the warrant officer from consideration for promotion under this section. 
 “(2)  The Secretary concerned may approve a request of a warrant officer under paragraph (1) only if— “(A)  the basis for the request is to allow the officer to complete— 136 STAT. 2560 “(i)  an assignment in support of career progression; 
 “(ii)  advanced education; 
 “(iii)  Determination. an assignment such Secretary determines is of significant value to the Armed Force concerned; or 
 “(iv)  a career progression requirement delayed by an assignment or education; 
 
 “(B)  Determination. such Secretary determines that such exclusion from consideration is in the best interest of the Armed Force concerned; and 
 “(C)  the officer has not previously failed of selection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests exclusion from consideration.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Priority for Promotion of Warrant Officers in Report of Selection Board .— Subsection (c) of section 576 of such title  is amended  to read as follows: “(c)  The names of warrant officers selected for promotion under this section shall be arranged in the report of such board in the following order of priority: “(1)  Determination. Warrant officers recommended under section 575(e) of this title to be placed higher on the promotion list, in the order in which the board determines. 
 “(2)  Warrant officers otherwise recommended for promotion, in the order of seniority on the warrant officer active-duty list.” 
 
 . 
 (c)  Promotions: How Made; Effective Date .— Section 578(a) of such title  is amended  by  striking  “ of the seniority of such officers on the warrant officer active-duty list ” and  inserting  “ set forth in section 576(c) of this title ”.