SEC. 5943.  ENDING GLOBAL WILDLIFE POACHING AND TRAFFICKING. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  the United States Government should continue to work with international partners, including nations, nongovernmental organizations, and the private sector, to identify long-standing and emerging areas of concern in wildlife poaching and trafficking related to global supply and demand; and 
 (2)  the activities and required reporting of the Presidential Task Force on Wildlife Trafficking, as established by Executive Order 13648 ( 78 Fed. Reg. 40621 ) and modified by sections 201 and 301 of the Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 ( 16 U.S.C. 7621  and 7631), should be reauthorized to minimize the disruption of the work of such Task Force. 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— Section 2 of the Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 ( 16 U.S.C. 7601 )  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (3), by  inserting  “ involving local communities ” after “ approach to conservation ”; 
 (2)  by  amending  paragraph (4) to read as follows: “(4)  Country of concern .— The term ‘ country of concern ’ means a foreign country specially designated by the Secretary of State pursuant to section 201(b) as a major source of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, a major transit point of wildlife trafficking products or their derivatives, or a major consumer of wildlife trafficking products, in which— “(A)  the government has actively engaged in, or knowingly profited from, the trafficking of protected species; or 
 “(B)  the government facilitates such trafficking through conduct that may include a persistent failure to make serious and sustained efforts to prevent and prosecute such trafficking.” 
 
 ; and 
 (3)  in paragraph (11), by  striking  “ section 201 ” and  inserting  “ section 301 ”. 
 
 (c)  Framework for Interagency Response and Reporting .— (1)  Reauthorization of report on major wildlife trafficking countries .— Section 201 of the Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 ( 16 U.S.C. 7621 )  is amended — 136 STAT. 3471 (A)  in subsection (a), by  striking  “ annually thereafter ” and  inserting  “ biennially thereafter by June 1 of each year in which a report is required ”; 
 (B)  in subsection (b), by  striking  “ shall identify ” and all that follows through the end of the subsection and  inserting  “ shall also list each country determined by the Secretary of State to be a country of concern within the meaning of this Act ”; and 
 (C)  by  striking  subsection (c) and  inserting  the following: “(c)  Federal Register, publication. Procedure for Removing Countries From List .— Concurrently with the first report required under this section and submitted after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Commerce, shall publish in the Federal Register a procedure for removing from the list described in subsection (b) any country that no longer meets the definition of country of concern under section 2(4). 
 “(d)  Sunset .— This section shall cease to have force or effect on September 30, 2028.” 
 . 
 
 (2)  Presidential task force on wildlife trafficking responsibilities .— Section 301(a) of the Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 ( 16 U.S.C. 7631(a) )  is amended — (A)  in paragraph (4), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (B)  by  redesignating  paragraph (5) as paragraph (9); and 
 (C)  by  inserting  after paragraph (4) the following: “(5)  pursue programs and develop a strategy— “(A)  to expand the role of technology for anti-poaching and anti-trafficking efforts, in partnership with the private sector, foreign governments, academia, and nongovernmental organizations (including technology companies and the transportation and logistics sectors); and 
 “(B)  to enable local governments to develop and use such technologies; 
 
 “(6)  consider programs and initiatives that address the expansion of the illegal wildlife trade to digital platforms, including the use of digital currency and payment platforms for transactions by collaborating with the private sector, academia, and nongovernmental organizations, including social media, e-commerce, and search engine companies, as appropriate; 
 “(7) (A)  implement interventions to address the drivers of poaching, trafficking, and demand for illegal wildlife and wildlife products in focus countries and countries of concern; 
 “(B)  set benchmarks for measuring the effectiveness of such interventions; and 
 “(C)  consider alignment and coordination with indicators developed by the Task Force; 
 
 “(8)  consider additional opportunities to increase coordination between law enforcement and financial institutions to identify trafficking activity; and” 
 . 
 
 (3)  Presidential task force on wildlife trafficking strategic review .— Section 301 of the Eliminate, Neutralize, and Disrupt Wildlife Trafficking Act of 2016 ( 16 U.S.C. 7631 ), as amended by paragraph (2), is further amended— 136 STAT. 3472 (A)  in subsection (d)— (i)  in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by  striking  “ annually ” and  inserting  “ biennially ”; 
 (ii)  in paragraph (4), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (iii)  in paragraph (5), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (iv)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(6)  Analysis. an analysis of the indicators developed by the Task Force, and recommended by the Government Accountability Office, to track and measure inputs, outputs, law enforcement outcomes, and the market for wildlife products for each focus country listed in the report, including baseline measures, as appropriate, for each indicator in each focus country to determine the effectiveness and appropriateness of such indicators to assess progress and whether additional or separate indicators, or adjustments to indicators, may be necessary for focus countries.” 
 ; and 
 
 (B)  in subsection (e), by  striking  “ 5 years after ” and all that follows and  inserting  “ on September 30, 2028 ”.