SEC. 575.  20 USC 7703d . ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH ENROLLMENT CHANGES DUE TO BASE CLOSURES, FORCE STRUCTURE CHANGES, OR FORCE RELOCATIONS. (a)  Time period. Assistance Authorized .— To assist communities in making adjustments resulting from changes in the size or location of the Armed Forces, the Secretary of Defense shall provide financial assistance to an eligible local educational agency described in subsection (b) if, during the period between the end of the school year preceding the fiscal year for which the assistance is authorized and the beginning of the school year immediately preceding that school year, the local educational agency— (1)  Determination. had (as determined by the Secretary of Defense in consultation with the Secretary of Education) an overall increase or reduction of— 136 STAT. 2603 
 (A)  not less than five percent in the average daily attendance of military dependent students in the schools of the local educational agency; or 
 (B)  not less than 500 military dependent students in average daily attendance in the schools of the local educational agency; or 
 
 (2)  Time period. is projected to have an overall increase, between fiscal years 2023 and 2028, of not less than 500 military dependent students in average daily attendance in the schools of the local educational agency as the result of a signed record of decision. 
 
 (b)  Eligible Local Educational Agencies .— A local educational agency is eligible for assistance under subsection (a) for a fiscal year if— (1)  20 percent or more of students enrolled in schools of the local educational agency are military dependent students; and 
 (2)  in the case of assistance described in subsection (a)(1), the overall increase or reduction in military dependent students in schools of the local educational agency is the result of one or more of the following: (A)  The global rebasing plan of the Department of Defense. 
 (B)  The official creation or activation of one or more new military units. 
 (C)  The realignment of forces as a result of the base closure process. 
 (D)  A change in the number of housing units on a military installation. 
 (E)  A signed record of decision. 
 
 
 (c)  Calculation of Amount of Assistance .— (1)  Pro rata distribution .— The amount of the assistance provided under subsection (a) to a local educational agency that is eligible for such assistance for a fiscal year shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying— (A)  the per-student rate determined under paragraph (2) for that fiscal year; by 
 (B)  the net of the overall increases and reductions in the number of military dependent students in schools of the local educational agency, as determined under subsection (a). 
 
 (2)  Per-student rate .— For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), the per-student rate for a fiscal year shall be equal to the dollar amount obtained by dividing— (A)  the total amount of funds made available for that fiscal year to provide assistance under subsection (a); by 
 (B)  the sum of the overall increases and reductions in the number of military dependent students in schools of all eligible local educational agencies for that fiscal year under that subsection. 
 
 (3)  Maximum amount of assistance .— A local educational agency may not receive more than $15,000,000 in assistance under subsection (a) for any fiscal year. 
 
 (d)  Duration .— Assistance may not be provided under subsection (a) after September 30, 2028. 
 (e)  Deadlines. Notification .— Not later than June 30, 2023, and June 30 of each fiscal year thereafter for which funds are made available  136 STAT. 2604 
to carry out this section, the Secretary of Defense shall notify each local educational agency that is eligible for assistance under subsection (a) for that fiscal year of— (1)  the eligibility of the local educational agency for the assistance; and 
 (2)  the amount of the assistance for which the local educational agency is eligible. 
 
 (f)  Deadline. Disbursement of Funds .— The Secretary of Defense shall disburse assistance made available under subsection (a) for a fiscal year not later than 30 days after the date on which notification to the eligible local educational agencies is provided pursuant to subsection (e) for that fiscal year. 
 (g)  Deadline. Cost estimate. Briefing Required .— Not later than March 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the estimated cost of providing assistance to local educational agencies under subsection (a) through September 30, 2028. 
 (h)  Eligible Uses .— Amounts disbursed to a local education agency under subsection (f) may be used by such local educational agency for— (1)  general fund purposes; 
 (2)  special education; 
 (3)  school maintenance and operation; 
 (4)  school expansion; or 
 (5)  new school construction. 
 
 (i)  Funding .— (1)  Increase .— Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 301 for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide, Department of Defense Education Activity, Line 390, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4301, is hereby increased by $15,000,000 for purposes of this section. 
 (2)  Offset .— Notwithstanding the amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 301 for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide, for Washington Headquarters Services, Line 500, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4301, is hereby reduced by $15,000,000. 
 
 (j)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ base closure process ” means any base closure and realignment process conducted after the date of the enactment of this Act under  section 2687 of title 10, United States Code , or any other similar law enacted after that date. 
 (2)  The term “ local educational agency ” has the meaning given that term in section 7013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 7713(9) ). 
 (3)  The term “ military dependent students ” means— (A)  elementary and secondary school students who are dependents of members of the Armed Forces; and 
 (B)  elementary and secondary school students who are dependents of civilian employees of the Department of Defense. 
 
 (4)  The term “ State ” means each of the several States and the District of Columbia. 136 STAT. 2605