SEC. 5274.  SUBMISSION OF REPORTS THAT SPECIFICALLY IDENTIFY NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS OR BUSINESS ENTITIES. (a)  In General .— Section 5(g) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( 5 U.S.C. App. ), as so redesignated by section 5625 of this title,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following: “(6) (A)  Except as provided in subparagraph (B), if an audit, evaluation, inspection, or other non-investigative report prepared by an Inspector General specifically identifies a specific non-governmental organization or business entity, whether or not the non-governmental organization or business entity is the subject of that audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative report— “(i)  Notification. the Inspector General shall notify the non-governmental organization or business entity; 
 “(ii)  the non-governmental organization or business entity shall have— “(I)  Deadline. 30 days to review the audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative report beginning on the date of publication of the audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative report; and 
 “(II)  the opportunity to submit a written response for the purpose of clarifying or providing additional context as it directly relates to each instance wherein an audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative report specifically identifies that non-governmental organization or business entity; and 
 
 “(iii)  if a written response is submitted under clause (ii)(II) within the 30-day period described in clause (ii)(I)— “(I)  the written response shall be attached to the audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative report; and 
 “(II)  Updates. in every instance where the report may appear on the public-facing website of the Inspector General, the website shall be updated in order to access a version of the audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative report that includes the written response. 
 
 
 “(B)  Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to a non-governmental organization or business entity that refused to provide information or assistance sought by an Inspector  136 STAT. 3245 
General during the creation of the audit, evaluation, inspection, or non-investigative report. 
 “(C)  Review. An Inspector General shall review any written response received under subparagraph (A) for the purpose of preventing the improper disclosure of classified information or other non-public information, consistent with applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and, if necessary, redact such information.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  5 USC app. 5  note. Retroactive Applicability .— During the 30-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act— (1)  the amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply upon the request of a non-governmental organization or business entity named in an audit, evaluation, inspection, or other non-investigative report prepared on or after January 1, 2019; and 
 (2)  any written response submitted under clause (iii) of section 5(g)(6)(A) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( 5 U.S.C. App. ), as added by subsection (a), with respect to such an audit, evaluation, inspection, or other non-investigative report shall attach to the original report in the manner described in that clause.