“§ 51326. Establishment. 46 USC 51326 .  Student advisory board at the United States Merchant Marine Academy “(a)  In General .— The Maritime Administrator shall establish at the United States Merchant Marine Academy an advisory board to be known as the Advisory Board to the Secretary of Transportation (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Board’). 
 “(b)  Membership .— The Advisory Board shall be composed of not fewer than 12 midshipmen of the Merchant Marine Academy who are enrolled at the Merchant Marine Academy at the time of the appointment, including not fewer than 3 cadets from each class. 
 “(c)  Deadline. Appointment; Term .— Midshipmen shall serve on the Advisory Board pursuant to appointment by the Maritime Administrator. Appointments shall be made not later than 60 days after the date of the swearing in of a new class of midshipmen at the Academy. The term of membership of a midshipmen on the Advisory Board shall be 1 academic year. 
 “(d)  Determination. Reappointment .— The Maritime Administrator may reappoint not more than 6 cadets from the previous term to serve on the Advisory Board for an additional academic year if the Maritime Administrator determines such reappointment to be in the best interests of the Merchant Marine Academy. 
 “(e)  Meetings .— The Advisory Board shall meet with the Secretary of Transportation not less than once each academic year to discuss the activities of the Advisory Board. The Advisory Board shall meet in person with the Maritime Administrator not less than 2 times each academic year to discuss the activities of the Advisory Board. 
 “(f)  Duties .— The Advisory Board shall— “(1)  identify health and wellbeing, diversity, and sexual assault and harassment challenges and other topics considered important by the Advisory Board facing midshipmen at the Merchant Marine Academy, off campus, and while aboard ships during Sea Year or other training opportunities; 
 “(2)  discuss and propose possible solutions, including improvements to culture and leadership development at the Merchant Marine Academy; and 
 “(3)  periodically review the efficacy of the program in section 51325(b), as appropriate, and provide recommendations to the Maritime Administrator for improvement. 
 
 “(g)  Working Groups .— The Advisory Board may establish one or more working groups to assist the Advisory Board in carrying out its duties, including working groups composed in part of midshipmen at the Merchant Marine Academy who are not current members of the Advisory Board. 
 “(h)  Reports and Briefings .— The Advisory Board shall regularly provide the Secretary of Transportation and the Maritime Administrator reports and briefings on the results of its duties, including recommendations for actions to be taken in light of such results. Such reports and briefings may be provided in writing, in person, or both. 136 STAT. 3086