SEC. 5599.  REPORT ON CHINESE SUPPORT TO RUSSIA WITH RESPECT TO ITS UNPROVOKED INVASION OF AND FULL-SCALE WAR AGAINST UKRAINE. (a)  In General .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until the sunset specified in subsection (d), the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce and the Director of  136 STAT. 3398 
National Intelligence as appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on whether and how the People’s Republic of China (PRC), including the Government of the PRC, the Chinese Communist Party, any PRC state-owned enterprise, and any other PRC entity, has provided support to the Russian Federation with respect to its unprovoked invasion of and full-scale war against Ukraine. 
 (b)  Matters to Be Included .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include a discussion of the support provided by the PRC to the Russian Federation with respect to— (1)  helping the Government of Russia or Russian entities evade or circumvent United States sanctions or multilateral sanctions and export controls; 
 (2)  deliberately inhibiting on-site United States Government export control end-use checks, including interviews and investigations, in the PRC; 
 (3)  providing Russia with any technology, including semiconductors classified as EAR99, that supports Russian intelligence or military capabilities; 
 (4)  establishing economic or financial arrangements that will have the effect of alleviating the impact of United States sanctions or multilateral sanctions; 
 (5)  furthering Russia’s disinformation and propaganda efforts; 
 (6)  coordinating to hinder the response of multilateral organizations, including the United Nations, to provide assistance to the people or Government of Ukraine, to condemn Russia’s war, to hold Russia accountable for the invasion and its prosecution of the war, or to hold those complicit accountable; and 
 (7)  providing any material, technical, or logistical support, including to Russian military or intelligence agencies and state-owned or state-linked enterprises. 
 
 (c)  Form .— (1)  Public information. Web posting. In general .— The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form and published on a publicly available website of the Department of State. 
 (2)  Certification. Determination. Exception .— If the Secretary, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the Secretary is unable to include an element required under any of paragraphs (1) through (7) of subsection (b) in an unclassified manner, the Secretary shall provide in unclassified form an affirmative or negative determination with respect to whether the People’s Republic of China is supporting the Russian Federation in the manner described in each applicable such paragraph and concurrently provide the discussion of that element to the appropriate congressional committees at the lowest possible classification level, consistent with the protection of sources and methods. 
 
 (d)  Sunset .— The requirement to submit the report under subsection (a) shall terminate on the earlier of— (1)  the date on which the Secretary of State determines the conflict in Ukraine has ended; or 
 (2)  the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 136 STAT. 3399 
 
 (e)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives.