SEC. 5234.  SEMIANNUAL REPORT.   Section 11(d)(9) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( 5 U.S.C. App. )  is amended  to read as follows: “(9)  Time period. Semiannual report .— On or before May 31, 2023, and every 6 months thereafter, the Council shall submit to Congress and the President a report on the activities of the Integrity Committee during the immediately preceding 6-month periods ending March 31 and September 30, which shall include the following with respect to allegations of wrongdoing that are made against Inspectors General and staff members of the various Offices of Inspector General described in paragraph (4)(C): “(A)  Analyses. An overview and analysis of the allegations of wrongdoing disposed of by the Integrity Committee, including— “(i)  analysis of the positions held by individuals against whom allegations were made, including the duties affiliated with such positions; 
 “(ii)  analysis of the categories or types of the allegations of wrongdoing; and 
 “(iii)  a summary of disposition of all the allegations. 
 
 “(B)  The number of allegations received by the Integrity Committee. 
 “(C)  The number of allegations referred to the Department of Justice or the Office of Special Counsel, including the number of allegations referred for criminal investigation. 136 STAT. 3236 
 “(D)  Summary. The number of allegations referred to the Chairperson of the Integrity Committee for investigation, a general description of the status of such investigations, and a summary of the findings of investigations completed. 
 “(E)  Analyses. An overview and analysis of allegations of wrongdoing received by the Integrity Committee during any previous reporting period, but remained pending during some part of the six months covered by the report, including— “(i)  analysis of the positions held by individuals against whom allegations were made, including the duties affiliated with such positions; 
 “(ii)  analysis of the categories or types of the allegations of wrongdoing; and 
 “(iii)  a summary of disposition of all the allegations. 
 
 “(F)  The number and category or type of pending investigations. 
 “(G)  For each allegation received— “(i)  the date on which the investigation was opened; 
 “(ii)  the date on which the allegation was disposed of, as applicable; and 
 “(iii)  the case number associated with the allegation. 
 
 “(H)  The nature and number of allegations to the Integrity Committee closed without referral, including the justification for why each allegation was closed without referral. 
 “(I)  A brief description of any difficulty encountered by the Integrity Committee when receiving, evaluating, investigating, or referring for investigation an allegation received by the Integrity Committee, including a brief description of— “(i)  any attempt to prevent or hinder an investigation; or 
 “(ii)  concerns about the integrity or operations at an Office of Inspector General. 
 
 “(J)  Other matters that the Council considers appropriate.” 
 
 .