SEC. 5597.  STATEMENT OF POLICY AND REPORT ON ENGAGING WITH NIGER. (a)  22 USC 2151 note . Statement of Policy .— It is the policy of the United States to— (1)  continue to support Niger’s efforts to advance democracy, good governance, human rights, and regional security within its borders through bilateral assistance and multilateral initiatives; 
 (2)  enhance engagement and cooperation with the Nigerien Government at all levels as a key component of stabilizing the Sahel, where frequent coups and other anti-democratic movements, food insecurity, violent extremism, and armed conflict threaten to further weaken governments throughout the region; and 
 (3)  work closely with partners and allies throughout the international community to elevate Niger, which experienced its first democratic transition of power in 2021, as an example of transitioning from longstanding military governance and a cycle of coups to a democratic, civilian-led form of government. 
 
 (b)  Report Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of relevant departments and agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on interagency efforts to enhance United States engagement with Niger as a key component of the United States Strategy toward the Sahel. Time periods.  Such report shall also include the following information with respect to the 2 fiscal years preceding the date of the submission of the report: (1)  A description of United States efforts to promote democracy, political pluralism, fiscal transparency and other good governance initiatives, human rights and the rule of law, and a robust and engaged civil society. 
 (2)  A full, detailed breakdown of United States assistance provided to help the Nigerien Government develop a comprehensive national security strategy, including to counter terrorism, regional and transnational organized crime, intercommunal violence, and other forms of armed conflict, criminal activity, and other threats to United States and Nigerien national security. 
 (3)  Analysis. An analysis of relevant resources at the United States Embassy in Niamey, including whether staff in place by the end of the current fiscal year will be sufficient to meet various country and regional strategic objectives. 
 (4)  Overview. An overview of foreign partner support for Niger’s intelligence and security sector. 
 (5)  A detailed description of United States and international efforts to address food insecurity in Niger, including that which is caused by deforestation, desertification, and other climate change-related issues. 
 (6)  A breakdown of United States funds obligated for humanitarian assistance in Niger, and an analysis of how the security situation in Niger has affected humanitarian operations and diplomatic engagement throughout the country. 
 (7)  Assessment. An assessment of foreign malign influence in Niger, with a specific focus on the People’s Republic of China, the Russian Federation, and their proxies. 136 STAT. 3397 
 
 (c)  Form .— The report required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, and may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate.