SEC. 531.  TREATMENT OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION REGARDING PROSPECTIVE RECRUITS. (a)  Treatment of Personally Identifiable Information .— Section 503(a) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended   adding  at the end the following new paragraphs: “(3)  PII regarding a prospective recruit collected or compiled under this subsection shall be kept confidential, and a person who has had access to such PII may not disclose the information except for purposes of this section or other purpose authorized by law. 
 “(4)  In the course of conducting a recruiting campaign, the Secretary concerned shall— “(A)  Notification. notify a prospective recruit of data collection policies of the armed force concerned; and 
 “(B)  permit the prospective recruit to elect not to participate in such data collection. 136 STAT. 2575 
 
 “(5)  Definition. In this subsection, the term ‘ PII ’ means personally identifiable information.” 
 . 
 (b)  10 USC 503 note . Pilot Program on Recruiting .— (1)  Authority .— The Secretary of Defense may conduct a pilot program (such a program shall be referred to as a “Military Recruiting Modernization Program”) to evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of collecting and using PRI with modern technologies to allow the Secretary to more effectively and efficiently use recruiting resources. 
 (2)  Treatment of prospective recruit information .— PRI collected under a pilot program under this subsection— (A)  may be used by the Armed Forces and entities into which the Secretary has entered into an agreement regarding military recruitment only for purposes of military recruitment; 
 (B)  Confidentiality. shall be kept confidential. 
 (C)  Time period. may not be maintained more than three years after collection; and 
 
 (3)  Opt-out .— A pilot program under this subsection may allow a prospective recruit to opt-out of the collection of PRI regarding such prospective recruit. 
 (4)  Termination .— Any such pilot program shall terminate three years after implementation. 
 (5)  Deadline. Interim briefing .— Not later than 90 days after the implementing a pilot program under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the pilot program. Such briefing shall include the following: (A)  The definition, prescribed by the Secretary, of PRI. 
 (B)  How the Secretary intends to handle privacy concerns related to the collection of PRI. 
 (C)  Legal concerns over the collection, use, and maintenance of PRI. 
 
 (6)  Final report .— Not later than 120 days after the completion of a pilot program under this subsection, the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. Such report shall include the following: (A)  Summary. A summary of whether and how the pilot program modernized recruiting efforts. 
 (B)  A description of any efficiencies identified under the pilot program. 
 (C)  Any violations of privacy laws arising from the pilot program. 
 (D)  Recommenda- tions. Legislative recommendations of the Under Secretary arising from this pilot program. 
 
 (7)  Definitions .— In this section: (A)  The term “ PRI ” means information, prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, regarding a prospective recruit. 
 (B)  The term “ prospective recruit ” means an individual who is eligible to join the Armed Forces and is— (i)  17 years of age or older; or 
 (ii)  in the eleventh grade (or its equivalent) or higher. 136 STAT. 2576