SEC. 5524.  EXPANDING UNITED STATES-TAIWAN DEVELOPMENT COOPERATION. (a)  Reports. In General .— No later than 120 days following the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the United States International Development Finance Corporation (DFC), and the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies that provide international economic assistance and other support, shall submit to Congress a report on cooperation with Taiwan on trilateral and multilateral development initiatives through the American Institute in Taiwan as appropriate. 
 (b)  Matters to Be Included .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  Review. A comprehensive review of existing cooperation mechanisms and initiatives among USAID, DFC, other relevant Federal agencies that provide international economic assistance and other support, and relevant departments and agencies in Taiwan, including Taiwan’s International Cooperation and Development Fund (ICDF). 
 (2)  Assessment. An assessment of how United States development cooperation with relevant departments and agencies in Taiwan compares to comparable cooperation with partners of similar economic size and foreign assistance capacity to Taiwan. 
 (3)  Analysis. An analysis of the opportunities and challenges the cooperation reviewed in paragraph (1) has offered to date. The analysis shall include— (A)  opportunities that collaboration has offered to expand the United States Government’s ability to deliver support, assistance, and other international financial products into a wider range communities; 
 (B)  sectors where USAID, DFC, ICDF, other relevant Federal agencies that provide international economic assistance and other support in both Taiwan and the United States, or the organizations’ implementing partners have a comparative advantage in providing assistance; 
 (C)  opportunities to transition capacity building events with relevant departments and agencies in Taiwan, through the Global Cooperation and Training Framework as well as other forums, into enduring forms of development cooperation. 
 
 (4)  Assessment. An assessment of any legal, policy, logistical, financial, or administrative barriers to expanding cooperation in trilateral or multilateral development. The analysis shall include— 136 STAT. 3324 
 (A)  availability of personnel at the American Institute in Taiwan responsible for coordinating development assistance cooperation; 
 (B)  volume of current cooperation initiatives and barriers to expanding them; 
 (C)  diplomatic, policy, or legal barriers facing the United States or other partners to including Taiwan in formal and informal multilateral development cooperation mechanisms; 
 (D)  resource or capacity barriers to expanding cooperation facing the United States or Taiwan; and 
 (E)  geopolitical barriers that complicate United States-Taiwan cooperation in third countries. 
 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations to address the challenges identified in paragraph (4). 
 (6)  A description of any additional resources or authorities that expanding cooperation might require. 
 
 (c)  Form of Report .— The strategy required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.