“§ 509. 14 USC 509 .  Space-available travel on Coast Guard aircraft “(a)  Establishment .— “(1)  In general .— The Commandant may establish a program to provide transportation on Coast Guard aircraft on a space-available basis to the categories of eligible individuals described in subsection (c) (in this section referred to as the ‘program’). 
 “(2)  Deadline. Policy development .— Not later than 1 year after the date on which the program is established, the Commandant shall develop a policy for the operation of the program. 
 
 “(b)  Operation of Program .— “(1)  In general .— The Commandant shall operate the program in a budget-neutral manner. 
 “(2)  Limitations .— “(A)  In general .— Except as provided in subparagraph (B), no additional funds may be used, or flight hours performed, for the purpose of providing transportation under the program. 
 “(B)  De minimis expenditures .— The Commandant may make de minimis expenditures of resources required for the administrative aspects of the program. 
 
 “(3)  Reimbursement not required .— Eligible individuals described in subsection (c) shall not be required to reimburse the Coast Guard for travel provided under this section. 
 
 “(c)  Categories of Eligible Individuals .— Subject to subsection (d), the categories of eligible individuals described in this subsection are the following: “(1)  Members of the armed forces on active duty. 
 “(2)  Members of the Selected Reserve who hold a valid Uniformed Services Identification and Privilege Card. 
 “(3)  Retired members of a regular or reserve component of the armed forces, including retired members of reserve components who, but for being under the eligibility age applicable under section 12731 of title 10, would be eligible for retired pay under chapter 1223 of title 10. 
 “(4)  Subject to subsection (f), veterans with a permanent service-connected disability rated as total. 
 “(5)  Such categories of dependents of individuals described in paragraphs (1) through (3) as the Commandant shall specify in the policy under subsection (a)(2), under such conditions and circumstances as the Commandant shall specify in such policy. 
 “(6)  Such other categories of individuals as the Commandant considers appropriate. 
 
 “(d)  Requirements .— In operating the program, the Commandant shall— “(1)  in the sole discretion of the Commandant, establish an order of priority for transportation for categories of eligible  136 STAT. 4031 
individuals that is based on considerations of military necessity, humanitarian concerns, and enhancement of morale; 
 “(2)  give priority in consideration of transportation to the demands of members of the armed forces in the regular components and in the reserve components on active duty and to the need to provide such members, and their dependents, a means of respite from such demands; and 
 “(3)  implement policies aimed at ensuring cost control (as required under subsection (b)) and the safety, security, and efficient processing of travelers, including limiting the benefit under the program to 1 or more categories of otherwise eligible individuals, as the Commandant considers necessary. 
 
 “(e)  Transportation .— “(1)  In general .— Notwithstanding subsection (d)(1), in establishing space-available transportation priorities under the program, the Commandant shall provide transportation for an individual described in paragraph (2), and a single dependent of the individual if needed to accompany the individual, at a priority level in the same category as the priority level for an unaccompanied dependent over the age of 18 years traveling on environmental and morale leave. 
 “(2)  Applicability. Individuals covered .— Subject to paragraph (3), paragraph (1) applies with respect to an individual described in subsection (c)(3) who— “(A)  resides in or is located in a Commonwealth or possession of the United States; and 
 “(B)  is referred by a military or civilian primary care provider located in that Commonwealth or possession to a specialty care provider for services to be provided outside of such Commonwealth or possession. 
 
 “(3)  Application to certain retired individuals .— If an individual described in subsection (c)(3) is a retired member of a reserve component who is ineligible for retired pay under chapter 1223 of title 10 by reason of being under the eligibility age applicable under section 12731 of title 10, paragraph (1) applies to the individual only if the individual is also enrolled in the TRICARE program for certain members of the Retired Reserve authorized under section 1076e of title 10. 
 “(4)  Priority .— The priority for space-available transportation required by this subsection applies with respect to— “(A)  the travel from the Commonwealth or possession of the United States to receive the specialty care services; and 
 “(B)  the return travel. 
 
 “(5)  Primary care provider and specialty care provider defined .— In this subsection, the terms ‘primary care provider’ and ‘specialty care provider’ refer to a medical or dental professional who provides health care services under chapter 55 of title 10. 
 
 “(f)  Limitations on Travel .— “(1)  In general .— Travel may not be provided under this section to a veteran eligible for travel pursuant to paragraph (4) of subsection (c) in priority over any member eligible for travel under paragraph (1) of that subsection or any dependent of such a member eligible for travel under this section. 
 “(2)  Rule of construction .— Subsection (c)(4) may not be construed as— 136 STAT. 4032 “(A)  affecting or in any way imposing on the Coast Guard, any armed force, or any commercial entity with which the Coast Guard or an armed force contracts, an obligation or expectation that the Coast Guard or such armed force will retrofit or alter, in any way, military aircraft or commercial aircraft, or related equipment or facilities, used or leased by the Coast Guard or such armed force to accommodate passengers provided travel under such authority on account of disability; or 
 “(B)  Determination. preempting the authority of an aircraft commander to determine who boards the aircraft and any other matters in connection with safe operation of the aircraft. 
 
 
 “(g)  Application of Section .— The authority to provide transportation under the program is in addition to any other authority under law to provide transportation on Coast Guard aircraft on a space-available basis.”