SEC. 5552.  22 USC 2291 l . PRIORITIZATION OF EFFORTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO COMBAT INTERNATIONAL TRAFFICKING IN COVERED SYNTHETIC DRUGS. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of State shall prioritize efforts of the Department of State to combat international trafficking of covered synthetic drugs by carrying out programs and activities to include the following: (1)  Supporting increased data collection by the United States and foreign countries through increased drug use surveys among populations, increased use of wastewater testing where appropriate, and multilateral sharing of that data. 
 (2)  Engaging in increased consultation and partnership with international drug agencies, including the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction, regulatory agencies in foreign countries, and the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime. 
 (3)  Carrying out programs to provide technical assistance and equipment, as appropriate, to strengthen the capacity of foreign law enforcement agencies with respect to covered synthetic drugs, as required by section 5553. 
 (4)  Carrying out exchange programs for governmental and nongovernmental personnel in the United States and in foreign countries to provide educational and professional development on demand reduction matters relating to the illicit use of covered synthetic drugs and other drugs, as required by section 5554. 
 
 (b)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the implementation of this section. 
 (2)  Appropriate congressional committees defined .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives.