SEC. 5508.  ARMS EXPORTS DELIVERY SOLUTIONS FOR TAIWAN AND UNITED STATES ALLIES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC. (a)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (b)  Report Required .— Not later than March 1, 2023, and annually thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, shall transmit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report with respect to the transfer of all defense articles or defense services that have yet to be completed pursuant to the authorities provided by— (1)  section 3, 21, or 36 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2753 , 2761, or 2776); or 
 (2)  section 516(c)(2) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2321j(c)(2) ). 
 
 (c)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (b) shall include the following elements: (1)  List. A list of all approved transfers of defense articles and services authorized by Congress pursuant to sections 25 and 36 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2765 , 2776) with a total value of $25,000,000 or more, to Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, Australia, the Philippines, Thailand, or New Zealand, that have not been fully delivered by the start of the fiscal year in which the report is being submitted. 
 (2)  Estimates. The estimated start and end dates of delivery for each approved and incomplete transfer listed pursuant to paragraph (1), including additional details and dates for any transfers that involve multiple tranches of deliveries. 
 (3)  With respect to each approved and incomplete transfer listed pursuant to paragraph (1), a detailed description of— (A)  any changes in the delivery dates of defense articles or services relative to the dates anticipated at the time of congressional approval of the transfer, including specific reasons for any delays related to the United States Government, defense suppliers, or a foreign partner; 
 (B)  the feasibility and advisability of providing the partner subject to such delayed delivery with an interim capability or solution, including drawing from United States stocks, and the mechanisms under consideration for doing so as well as any challenges to implementing such a capability or solution; 
 (C)  authorities, appropriations, or waiver requests that Congress could provide to improve delivery timelines or authorize the provision of interim capabilities or solutions identified pursuant to subparagraph (B); and 
 (D)  a description of which countries are ahead of Taiwan for delivery of each item listed pursuant to paragraph (1). 136 STAT. 3303 
 
 (4)  A description of ongoing interagency efforts to support attainment of operational capability of the corresponding defense articles and services once delivered, including advance training with United States or armed forces of partner countries on the systems to be received. The description of any such training shall also include an identification of the training implementer. 
 (5)  If a transfer listed pursuant to paragraph (1) has been terminated prior to the date of the submission of the report for any reason— (A)  the case information for such transfer, including the date of congressional notification, delivery date of the Letter of Offer and Acceptance (LOA), final signature of the LOA, and information pertaining to delays in delivering LOAs for signature; 
 (B)  a description of the reasons for which the transfer is no longer in effect; and 
 (C)  the impact this termination will have on the intended end-user and the consequent implications for regional security, including the impact on deterrence of military action by countries hostile to the United States, the military balance in the Taiwan Strait, and other factors. 
 
 (6)  A separate description of the actions the United States is taking to expedite and prioritize deliveries of defense articles and services to Taiwan, including— (A)  a description of what actions the Department of State and the Department of Defense have taken or are planning to take to prioritize Taiwan’s Foreign Military Sales cases; 
 (B)  current procedures or mechanisms for determining that a Foreign Military Sales case for Taiwan should be prioritized above a sale to another country of the same or similar item; and 
 (C)  whether the United States intends to divert defense articles from United States stocks to provide an interim capability or solution with respect to any delayed deliveries to Taiwan and the plan, if applicable, to replenish any such diverted stocks. 
 
 (7)  A description of other actions already undertaken by or currently under consideration by the Department of State and the Department of Defense to improve delivery timelines for the transfers listed pursuant to paragraph (1). 
 
 (d)  Form .— The report required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex.