SEC. 5599A.  FEASIBILITY STUDY ON UNITED STATES SUPPORT FOR AND PARTICIPATION IN THE INTERNATIONAL COUNTERTERRORISM ACADEMY IN CÔTE D’IVOIRE. (a)  22 USC 2151 note . Statement of Policy .— It is the policy of the United States to partner with West African governments where possible to mitigate and counter growing regional insecurity resulting from the spread of armed conflict and terrorism, including by providing assistance to train, equip, and mentor West African security services to counter threats to regional and national security through a whole-of-government approach. 
 (b)  Feasibility Study .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall conduct a feasibility study regarding the provision of United States assistance for infrastructure, training, equipment, and other forms of support to institutionalize the International Counterterrorism Academy (Académie Internationale de Lutte Contre le Terrorisme or AILCT) in Jacqueville, Côte d’Ivoire that— (1)  provides a legal analysis of existing authorities to provide United States foreign assistance dedicated to the development and establishment of AILCT programs, initiatives, and infrastructure for the purposes of training, equipping, and mentoring eligible West African security services bilaterally or in coordination with partners and allies; 
 (2)  identifies opportunities for the United States to leverage and support the AILCT facility to pursue national security interests in West Africa, the Sahel, sub-Saharan Africa, and the strategic Atlantic Ocean coastal and maritime environments, including through training and research activities, infrastructure development, combatting transnational terrorist and organized crime threats, and countering foreign malign influence throughout the region; and 
 (3)  Assessment. assesses any planned and pledged contributions from other countries to ensure appropriate sustainment of the facilities and burden sharing. 
 
 (c)  Forms .— The feasibility study required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
 (d)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 136 STAT. 3400 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.