SEC. 539.  SUPPORT FOR MEMBERS WHO PERFORM DUTIES REGARDING REMOTELY PILOTED AIRCRAFT: STUDY; REPORT. (a)  Study .— The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study to identify opportunities to provide more support services to, and greater recognition of combat accomplishments of, RPA crew. Such study shall identify the following with respect to each covered Armed Force: (1)  Applicability. Safety policies applicable to crew of traditional aircraft that apply to RPA crew. 
 (2)  Applicability. Personnel policies, including crew staffing and training practices, applicable to crew of traditional aircraft that apply to RPA crew. 
 (3)  Metrics the Secretaries of the military departments use to evaluate the health of RPA crew. 
 (4)  Incentive pay, retention bonuses, promotion rates, and career advancement opportunities for RPA crew. 
 (5)  Combat zone compensation available to RPA crew. 
 (6)  Decorations and awards for combat available to RPA crew. 
 (7)  Mental health care available to crew of traditional aircraft and RPA crew who conduct combat operations. 136 STAT. 2579 
 (8)  Whether RPA crew receive post-separation health (including mental health) care equivalent to crew of traditional aircraft. 
 (9)  An explanation of any difference under paragraph (8). 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report containing the following: (1)  The results of the study conducted under this section. 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. Any policy recommendations of the Secretary regarding such results. 
 (3)  Progress made by the Secretary of the Air Force in implementing the recommendations of the Comptroller General of the United States in the following reports: (A)  GAO-19-155, titled “Unmanned Aerial Systems: Air Force Pilot Promotion Rates Have Increased but Oversight Process of Some Positions Could Be Enhanced”. 
 (B)  GAO-20-320, titled “Unmanned Aerial Systems: Air Force Should Take Additional Steps to Improve Aircrew Staffing and Support”. 
 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered Armed Force ” means an Armed Force under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of a military department. 
 (2)  The term “ RPA crew ” means members of covered Armed Forces who perform duties relating to remotely piloted aircraft. 
 (3)  The term “ traditional aircraft ” means fixed or rotary wing aircraft operated by an onboard pilot.