SEC. 5555.  AMENDMENTS TO INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL PROGRAM. (a)  International Narcotics Control Strategy Report .— Section 489(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2291h(a) )  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  the second paragraph (10) as paragraph (11); and 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(12)  Covered synthetic drugs and new psychoactive substances .— “(A)  Covered synthetic drugs .— Information that contains an assessment of the countries significantly involved in the manufacture, production, transshipment, or trafficking of covered synthetic drugs, to include the following: “(i)  The scale of legal domestic production and any available information on the number of manufacturers and producers of such drugs in such countries. 136 STAT. 3343 
 “(ii)  Information on any law enforcement assessments of the scale of illegal production of such drugs, including a description of the capacity of illegal laboratories to produce such drugs. 
 “(iii)  The types of inputs used and a description of the primary methods of synthesis employed by illegal producers of such drugs. 
 “(iv)  Assessment. An assessment of the policies of such countries to regulate licit manufacture and interdict illicit manufacture, diversion, distribution, shipment, and trafficking of such drugs and an assessment of the effectiveness of the policies’ implementation. 
 
 “(B)  New psychoactive substances .— Information on, to the extent practicable, any policies of responding to new psychoactive substances, to include the following: “(i)  Which governments have articulated policies on scheduling of such substances. 
 “(ii)  Data. Any data on impacts of such policies and other responses to such substances. 
 “(iii)  Assessment. An assessment of any policies the United States could adopt to improve its response to new psychoactive substances. 
 
 “(C)  Definitions .— In this paragraph, the terms ‘covered synthetic drug’ and ‘new psychoactive substance’ have the meaning given those terms in section 5558 of the FENTANYL Results Act.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  Definition of Major Illicit Drug Producing Country .— Section 481(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2291(e) )  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (2)— (A)  in subparagraph (C), by  striking  “ ; or ” and  inserting  a semicolon; 
 (B)  in subparagraph (D), by  striking  the semicolon at the end and  inserting  “ ; or ”; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(E)  that is a significant direct source of covered synthetic drugs or psychotropic drugs or other controlled substances, including precursor chemicals when those chemicals are used in the production of such drugs and substances, significantly affecting the United States;” 
 ; 
 
 (2)  by  amending  paragraph (5) to read as follows: “(5)  the term ‘ major drug-transit country ’ means a country through which are transported covered synthetic drugs or psychotropic drugs or other controlled substances significantly affecting the United States;” 
 ; 
 (3)  in paragraph (7), by  striking  “ ; and ” and  inserting  a semicolon; 
 (4)  in paragraph (8), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (5)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(9)  the term ‘ covered synthetic drug ’ has the meaning given that term in section 5558 of the FENTANYL Results Act.” 
 .