SEC. 5509.  ASSESSMENT OF TAIWAN’S NEEDS FOR CIVILIAN DEFENSE AND RESILIENCE. (a)  Deadline. Classified information. Assessment Required .— Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit a written assessment, with a classified annex, of Taiwan’s needs in the areas of civilian defense and resilience to— (1)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 136 STAT. 3304 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (b)  Analyses. Matters to Be Included .— The assessment required under subsection (a) shall— (1)  analyze the potential role of Taiwan’s public and civilian assets in defending against various scenarios for foreign militaries to coerce or conduct military aggression against Taiwan; 
 (2)  carefully analyze Taiwan’s needs for enhancing its defensive capabilities through the support of civilians and civilian sectors, including— (A)  greater utilization of Taiwan’s high tech labor force; 
 (B)  the creation of clear structures and logistics support for civilian defense role allocation; 
 (C)  recruitment and skills training for Taiwan’s defense and civilian sectors; and 
 (D)  other defense needs and considerations at the provincial, city, and neighborhood levels; 
 
 (3)  analyze Taiwan’s needs for enhancing resiliency among its people and in key economic sectors; 
 (4)  identify opportunities for Taiwan to enhance communications at all levels to strengthen trust and understanding between the military, other government departments, civilian agencies and the general public, including— (A)  communications infrastructure necessary to ensure reliable communications in response to a conflict or crisis; and 
 (B)  Plan. a plan to effectively communicate to the general public in response to a conflict or crisis; 
 
 (5)  identify the areas and means through which the United States could provide training, exercises, and assistance at all levels to support the needs discovered through the assessment and fill any critical gaps where capacity falls short of such needs; and 
 (6)  Review. review existing United States Government and non-United States Government programmatic and funding modalities that are meant to support Taiwan’s civilian defense professionals in pursuing professional development, educational, and cultural exchanges in the United States, including— (A)  opportunities through Department of State-supported programs, such as the International Visitor Leaders Program; 
 (B)  opportunities offered through non-governmental institutions, such as think tanks, to the extent the review can practicably make such an assessment; 
 (C)  a description of the frequency that civilian defense professionals from Taiwan pursue or are selected for the programs reviewed in subparagraph (A); 
 (D)  an analysis of any funding, policy, administrative, or other barriers preventing greater participation from Taiwan’s civilian defense professionals in the opportunities identified in subparagraph (A); 
 (E)  Evaluation. an evaluation of the value expanding the opportunities reviewed in subparagraph (A) would offer for strengthening Taiwan’s existing civilian defense community, and for increasing the perceived value of the field for young professionals in Taiwan; 136 STAT. 3305 
 (F)  an assessment of options the United States Government could take individually, with partners in Taiwan, or with foreign governments or non-governmental partners, to expand the opportunities reviewed in subparagraph (A); and 
 (G)  a description of additional resources and authorities that may be required to execute the options described in subparagraph (E). 
 
 
 (c)  Sharing of Report .— The assessment required by subsection (a) shall be shared with appropriate officials of Taiwan to facilitate cooperation, as appropriate.