SEC. 6732.  Deadlines. 50 USC 3024 note . EMERGING TECHNOLOGY EDUCATION AND TRAINING. (a)  Training Curriculum .— (1)  Requirement .— No later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the President of the Defense Acquisition University and the heads of the elements of the intelligence community that the Director and Secretary determine appropriate, shall jointly establish a training curriculum for members of the acquisition workforce in the Department of Defense (as defined in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code ) and the acquisition officials within the intelligence community focused on improving the understanding and awareness of contracting authorities and procedures for the acquisition of emerging technologies. 
 (2)  Provision of training .— The Director shall ensure that the training curriculum under paragraph (1) is made available to each element of the intelligence community not later than 60 days after the completion of the curriculum. 
 (3)  Report .— Not later than January 1, 2024, the Director and Secretary shall jointly submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report containing an update on the status of the curriculum under paragraph (1). 
 
 (b)  Agreements Officers .— Not later than October 1, 2024, the Director of National Intelligence shall ensure that at least 75 percent of the contracting staff within the intelligence community whose primary responsibilities include the acquisition of emerging technologies shall have received the appropriate training to become warranted as agreements officers who are given authority to execute and administer the transactions authorized by paragraph (5) of section 102A(n) of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3024(n) ), as added by section 6711. The training shall include— (1)  the appropriate courses offered by the Defense Acquisition University; 
 (2)  the training curriculum established under subsection (a); and 
 (3)  best practices for monitoring, identifying, and procuring emerging technologies with potential benefit to the intelligence community, including commercial services and products. 
 
 (c)  Establishment of Emerging Technology Training Activities .— 136 STAT. 3584 
 (1)  Requirement .— Not later than January 1, 2024, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the heads of the elements of the intelligence community that the Director determines relevant, shall establish and implement training activities designed for appropriate mid-career and senior managers across the intelligence community to train the managers on how to identify, acquire, implement, and manage emerging technologies as such technologies may be applied to the intelligence community. 
 (2)  Certification .— Not later than 2 years after the date on which the Director establishes the training activities under paragraph (1), each head of an element of the intelligence community shall certify to the Director whether the managers of the element described in paragraph (1) have successfully completed the education activities. 
 (3)  Briefing .— Not later than January 1, 2024, the Director of National Intelligence shall provide to the congressional intelligence committees, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a briefing regarding the training activities established under paragraph (1), including— (A)  Overview. an overview of— (i)  the managers described in paragraph (1) who participated in the training activities; and 
 (ii)  what technologies were included in the training activities; and 
 
 (B)  an identification of other incentives, activities, resources, or programs the Director determines may be necessary to ensure the managers are generally trained in the most emerging technologies and able to retain and incorporate such technologies across the intelligence community.