SEC. 614.  BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING FOR MEMBERS WITHOUT DEPENDENTS WHEN HOME PORT CHANGE WOULD FINANCIALLY DISADVANTAGE MEMBER.   Subsection (p) of  section 403 of title 37, United States Code , as redesignated by section 612, is further amended in subsection (p)— (1)  in the subsection heading, by  striking  “ Low-cost and No-cost ” and  inserting  “ Certain ”; 
 (2)  by  inserting  “ (1) ” before “ In the case of a member who is assigned ”; and 
 (3)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: 136 STAT. 2624 
 “(2) Determination. (A)  In the case of a member without dependents who is assigned to a unit that undergoes a change of home port or a change of permanent duty station, if the Secretary concerned determines that it would be inequitable to base the member’s entitlement to, and amount of, a basic allowance for housing on the new home port or permanent duty station, the Secretary concerned may— “(i)  Waiver authority. waive the requirement to base the member’s entitlement to, and amount of, a basic allowance for housing on the new home port or permanent duty station member; and 
 “(ii)  treat that member for the purposes of this section as if the unit to which the member is assigned did not undergo such a change. 
 
 “(B)  The Secretary concerned may grant a waiver under subparagraph (A) to not more than 100 members in a calendar year. 
 “(C)  Deadline. Briefing. Not later than March 1 of each calendar year, the Secretary concerned shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the use of the authority provided by subparagraph (A) during the preceding calendar year that includes— “(i)  the number of members granted a waiver under subparagraph (A) during that year; and 
 “(ii)  for each such waiver, an identification of— “(I)  the grade of the member; 
 “(II)  the home port or permanent duty station of the unit to which the member is assigned before the change described in subparagraph (A); and 
 “(III)  the new home port or permanent duty station of that unit. 
 
 
 “(D)  Termination date. This paragraph shall cease to be effective on December 31, 2027.” 
 
 .