SEC. 632.  Time periods. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO ALLOW MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO ACCUMULATE LEAVE IN EXCESS OF 60 DAYS. (a)  In General .— Section 701 of title 10, United States Code , as amended by section 631, is further amended by  striking  subsection (e) and  inserting  the following: “(e) (1)  Regulations. The Secretary concerned, under uniform regulations to be prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, may authorize a member described in paragraph (2) to retain not more than 30 days of excess leave. 
 “(2)  A member described in this paragraph is a member who— “(A) (i)  serves on active duty for a continuous period of at least 120 days for which the member is entitled to special pay under section 310(a) of title 37; or 
 “(ii)  is assigned to a deployable ship or mobile unit or to other duty designated for the purposes of this section; 
 
 “(B)  except for this subsection, would lose any excess leave at the end of the fiscal year; and 
 “(C)  receives, from the first officer in a grade above O-6 in the chain of command of such member, written authorization to retain such excess leave. 
 
 “(3)  Excess leave retained by a member under this subsection shall be forfeited unless used before the end of the second fiscal year after the end of the fiscal year in which the service or assignment described in paragraph (2)(A) terminated. 
 “(4)  Definition. In this subsection, the term ‘ excess leave ’ means leave accrued by a member in excess of the number of days of leave authorized to be accumulated under subsection (b).” 
 
 . 
 (b)  10 USC 701 note . Transition Rule .— Leave in excess of 90 days, accumulated by a member of the Armed Forces under section 701 of such title before the effective date under subsection (c), is forfeited unless— (1)  used by the member on or before September 30, 2026; or 
 (2)  the retention of such leave is otherwise authorized by law. 
 
 (c)  10 USC 701 note . Effective Date .— The amendment made by subsection (a) takes effect on January 1, 2023.