SEC. 6712.  50 USC 3024 note . IMPLEMENTATION PLAN AND ADVISABILITY STUDY FOR OFFICES OF COMMERCIAL INTEGRATION. (a)  Plan and Study .— 136 STAT. 3566 
 (1)  Deadline. Submission .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the heads of the elements of the intelligence community, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives— (A)  a plan for the establishment of a centralized office or offices within each appropriate element of the intelligence community, to be known as the “Office of Commercial Integration”, for the purpose of— (i)  assisting persons desiring to submit an offer for a contract with the intelligence community; and 
 (ii)  assisting with the procurement of commercial products and commercial services; and 
 
 (B)  Assessment. the findings of a study conducted by the Director into the advisability of implementing such plan, including an assessment of— (i)  whether there should be a single Office of Commercial Integration for the intelligence community or whether each element of the intelligence community shall establish such an Office; 
 (ii)  the costs and benefits of the implementation of such plan; and 
 (iii)  whether there is within any element of the intelligence community an existing office or program similar to the proposed Office of Commercial Integration. 
 
 
 (2)  Elements .— The materials submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A Recommenda- tion.  recommendation by the Director, based on the findings of the study under paragraph (1)(B), on— (i)  how the plan under paragraph (1)(A) compares to specific alternative actions of the intelligence community that could be taken to assist persons desiring to submit an offer for a contract with the intelligence community and assist with the procurement of commercial products and commercial services; and 
 (ii)  whether to implement such plan. 
 
 (B)  Proposal. A proposal for the designation of a senior official of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence who would be responsible for the coordination across the intelligence community or across the Offices of Commercial Integration, depending on the findings of the study under paragraph (1)(B). 
 (C)  Guidelines. Draft guidelines that would require the coordination and sharing of best practices and other information across the intelligence community. 
 (D)  Timeline. Deadline. A timeline of the steps that would be necessary to establish each Office of Commercial Integration by the date that is not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (E)  Assessment. An assessment of the personnel requirements, and any other resource requirements, that would be necessary  136 STAT. 3567 
to establish the Office or Offices of Commercial Integration by such date, including— (i)  the amount of personnel necessary for the establishment of the Office or Offices of Commercial Integration; and 
 (ii)  the necessary qualifications of any such personnel. 
 
 (F)  Policies regarding the types of assistance that, if an Office or Offices of Commercial Integration were to be established, could be provided to contractors by the Director of such Office, taking into account the role of such assistance as an incentive for emerging technology companies to enter into contracts with the heads of the elements of the intelligence community. 
 (G)  Eligibility criteria for determining the types of offerors or contractors that would be eligible to receive assistance provided by each Office of Commercial Integration. 
 (H)  Policies regarding outreach efforts that would be required to be conducted by the Office or Offices of Commercial Integration with respect to eligible contractors. 
 (I)  Policies regarding how the intelligence community would coordinate with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation to provide proactive counterintelligence risk analysis and assistance to entities in the private sector. 
 (J)  Guidlines. Draft guidelines that would require the Office or Offices of Commercial Integration to appoint and assign personnel with expertise in a range of disciplines necessary for the accelerated integration of commercial technologies into the intelligence community (as determined by the Office or Offices of Commercial Integration), including expertise in the following: (i)  Authorizations to operate. 
 (ii)  Contracting. 
 (iii)  Facility clearances. 
 (iv)  Security clearances. 
 
 (K)  Such other intelligence community-wide policies as the Director of National Intelligence may prescribe relating to the improvement of commercial integration (and the coordination of such improvements) by and among the elements of the intelligence community. 
 
 
 (b)  Public Website on Commercial Integration .— (1)  Deadline. Establishment .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the head of the relevant elements of the intelligence community (as determined by the Director) and the designated element leads under section 6702(b), shall establish a publicly accessible website that includes relevant information necessary for offerors or contractors to conduct business with each element of the intelligence community. 
 (2)  Inclusion of certain information .— If there is established an Office or Offices of Commercial Integration in accordance with subsection (a), the website under paragraph (1) shall include— (A)  information, as appropriate, on the elements under subsection (a)(2) relating to that Office; and 136 STAT. 3568 
 (B)  contact information for the relevant senior officers of the Office or Offices.