SEC. 6319.  PERSONNEL VETTING PERFORMANCE MEASURES. (a)  Definitions of Continuing Vetting; Council; Security Executive Agent .— In this section, the terms “continuous vetting”, “Council”, and “Security Executive Agent” have the meanings given those terms in section 6601 of the Damon Paul Nelson and Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018, 2019, and 2020 ( 50 U.S.C. 3352 ). 136 STAT. 3522 
 (b)  Deadline. Assessments. Measures .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and consistent with section 807 of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–103 ), the Director of National Intelligence, acting as the Security Executive Agent, and in coordination with the Chair and other principals of the Council, shall develop performance measures to assess the vetting of personnel, including measures to assess continuous vetting and the quality of each phase of the personnel vetting process, including the initiation, investigation, and adjudication phases. 
 (c)  Report .— (1)  Requirement .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress a report describing the performance measures developed under subsection (b). 
 (2)  Elements .— The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A description of how departments and agencies of the United States Government have implemented Security Executive Agent Directive 6 titled “Continuous Evaluation” and related personnel vetting performance measures to ensure that implementation is efficient and effective, including the resources expended by each department or agency for continuous vetting and whether departments and agencies are identifying security-relevant information in a timely manner. 
 (B)  A description of the performance measures the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense use to assess the quality of each phase of the personnel vetting process, including initiation, investigation, adjudication, reinvestigation, and continuous vetting. 
 (C)  How such performance measures meet key attributes for successful performance measures as described in the report of the Comptroller General of the United States titled “Personnel Vetting: Actions Needed to Implement Reforms, Address Challenges, and Improve Planning” (GAO–22–104093). 
 (D)  Any impediments or constraints relating to the implementation of Security Executive Agent Directive 6 or the development of such performance measures to assess the quality of the personnel vetting process.