SEC. 6524.  REPORT ON ACTIVITIES OF CHINA AND RUSSIA TARGETING LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Foreign malign influence .— The term “ foreign malign influence ” means any hostile effort undertaken by, at the direction of, or on behalf of or with the substantial support of, the government of a foreign country with the objective of influencing, through overt or covert means— (A)  the political, military, economic, or other policies or activities of the government of the country that is the target of the hostile effort, including any election within such target country; or 
 (B)  the public opinion within such target country. 
 
 (3)  Latin america and the caribbean .— The term “ Latin America and the Caribbean ” means the countries and non-United States territories of South America, Central America, the Caribbean, and Mexico. 
 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, acting through the National Intelligence Council and in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on activities undertaken by China and Russia in Latin America and the Caribbean that are intended to increase the influence of China and Russia, respectively, therein. Such report shall include a description of the following: (1)  Foreign malign influence campaigns by China and Russia targeting Latin America and the Caribbean. 
 (2)  Financial investments intended to increase Chinese or Russian influence in Latin America and the Caribbean. 
 (3)  Efforts by China and Russia to expand diplomatic, military, or other ties to Latin America and the Caribbean. 
 (4)  Any other activities determined appropriate by the Director. 
 
 (c)  Matters .— With respect to the description of foreign malign influence campaigns under subsection (b), the report shall include an assessment of the following: (1)  The objectives of any such campaign. 
 (2)  The themes and messaging used in any such campaign. 136 STAT. 3554 
 (3)  The scale and nature of the threat posed by any such campaign. 
 (4)  The effect of such threat on the national security, diplomatic, military, or economic interests of the United States. 
 
 (d)  Form .— The report under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.