SEC. 6416.  OFFICE SUPPORTING CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY WORKFORCE WELLBEING. (a)  Establishment .— The Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 ( 50 U.S.C. 3501 et seq. )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section: “SEC. 29.  50 USC 3530 . OFFICE OF WELLNESS AND WORKFORCE SUPPORT. “(a)  Establishment .— The Director shall establish within the Agency an office (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’) to  136 STAT. 3529 
provide support for the physical health, mental health, and wellbeing of eligible individuals under subsection (d). 
 “(b)  Chief Wellbeing Officer; Assigned Staff .— “(1)  Chief wellbeing officer .— The head of the Office is the Chief Wellbeing Officer, who shall provide to the Director regular updates on the operations of the Office. 
 “(2)  Assigned staff .— To assist in performing the functions under subsection (c), the Director shall assign to the Office a sufficient number of individuals, who shall have no official duties other than duties related to the Office while so assigned. 
 
 “(c)  Functions of Office .— “(1)  Functions .— The Director shall establish the functions and role of the Office, which shall include the following: “(A)  Providing to eligible individuals under subsection (d) advice and assistance on health and wellbeing, including with respect to— “(i)  physical health and access to physical health care; 
 “(ii)  mental health and access to mental health care; and 
 “(iii)  other related programs and benefits for which the individual may be eligible. 
 
 “(B)  In providing advice and assistance to individuals under subparagraph (A), assisting such individuals who are applying for, and navigating the process to obtain, benefits furnished by the United States Government for which the individual is eligible, including, at a minimum— “(i)  health care and benefits described in such subparagraph; and 
 “(ii)  benefits furnished pursuant to section 19A. 
 
 “(C)  Maintaining, and making available to eligible individuals under subsection (d), the following: “(i)  A list of physicians and mental health care providers (including from the private sector, as applicable), who have experience with the physical and mental health care needs of the Agency workforce. 
 “(ii)  A list of chaplains and religious counselors who have experience with the needs of the Agency workforce, including information regarding access to the Chaplain Corps established under section 26. 
 “(iii)  Information regarding how to select and retain private attorneys who have experience with the legal needs of the Agency workforce, including detailed information on the process for the appropriate sharing of information with retained private attorneys. 
 
 “(D)  Any other functions the Director determines appropriate. 
 
 “(2)  Rule of construction .— The inclusion of any person on a list maintained or made available pursuant to paragraph (1)(C) shall not be construed as an endorsement of such person (or any service furnished by such person), and the Director shall not be liable, as a result of such inclusion, for any portion of compensable injury, loss, or damage attributable to such person or service. 
 “(3)  Confidentiality .— “(A)  Requirement .— The Director shall ensure that, to the extent permitted by law, the advice and assistance  136 STAT. 3530 
provided by the Office to eligible individuals under subsection (d) is provided in a confidential manner. 
 “(B)  Deadline. Regulations .— The Director may prescribe regulations regarding the requirement for confidentiality under this paragraph. The Director shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 )), the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives any such regulations not later than 30 days after prescribing such regulations. 
 
 
 “(d)  Eligibility .— “(1)  In general .— An individual described in paragraph (2) may receive a service under the Office at the election of the individual. 
 “(2)  Individuals described .— An individual described in this paragraph is— “(A)  a current or former officer or employee of the Agency; or 
 “(B)  an individual affiliated with the Agency, as determined by the Director.” 
 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  50 USC 3530 note . Deadline for Establishment .— The Director of the Central Intelligence Agency shall establish the Office under section 29 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (as added by subsection (a)) (in this section referred to as the “Office”) by not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (c)  Time period. Biannual Briefings .— On a biannual basis during the three-year period beginning on the date of the establishment of the Office, the Director shall provide to the congressional intelligence committees, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a briefing on the status of the Office, including on— (1)  the number of individuals assigned to the Office pursuant to subsection (b)(2) of section 29 of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 (as added by subsection (a)); and 
 (2)  the number of eligible individuals under subsection (d) of such section 29 who have received services under the Office, and the type of services so received.