SEC. 6432.  10 USC 441 note . ESTABLISHMENT OF ADVISORY BOARD FOR NATIONAL GEOSPATIAL-INTELLIGENCE AGENCY. (a)  Establishment .— There is established in the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency an advisory board (in this section referred to as the “Board”). 
 (b)  Duties .— The Board shall— (1)  study matters relating to the mission of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, including with respect to integration of commercial capabilities, promoting innovation, advice on next generation tasking, collection, processing, exploitation, and dissemination capabilities, strengthening functional management, acquisition, and such other matters as the Director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency considers appropriate; and 
 (2)  advise and report directly to the Director with respect to such matters. 
 
 (c)  Members .— 136 STAT. 3533 
 (1)  Deadlines. Number and appointment .— (A)  In general .— The Board shall be composed of 6 members appointed by the Director from among individuals with demonstrated academic, government, business, or other expertise relevant to the mission and functions of the Agency. 
 (B)  Notification .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Director appoints a member to the Board, the Director shall notify the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense committees (as defined in  section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code ) of such appointment. 
 (C)  Initial appointments .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall appoint the initial 6 members to the Board. 
 
 (2)  Terms .— Each member shall be appointed for a term of 3 years. 
 (3)  Vacancy .— Any member appointed to fill a vacancy occurring before the expiration of the term for which the member’s predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of that term. 
 (4)  Chair .— The Board shall have a Chair, who shall be appointed by the Director from among the members. 
 (5)  Travel expenses .— Each member shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with applicable provisions under  subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code . 
 (6)  Executive secretary .— The Director may appoint an executive secretary, who shall be an employee of the Agency, to support the Board. 
 
 (d)  Meetings .— The Board shall meet not less than quarterly, but may meet more frequently at the call of the Director. 
 (e)  Reports .— Not later than March 31 of each year, the Board shall submit to the Director and to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the activities and significant findings of the Board during the preceding year. 
 (f)  Nonapplicability of Certain Requirements .— The Federal Advisory Committee Act ( 5 U.S.C. App. ) shall not apply to the Board. 
 (g)  Termination .— The Board shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the first meeting of the Board.