SEC. 6435.  STUDY ON PERSONNEL UNDER STRATEGIC INTELLIGENCE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. (a)  Study .— The Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Office of Intelligence and Counterintelligence of  136 STAT. 3534 
the Department of Energy, in consultation with the National Laboratories Directors’ Council and in coordination with such other entities, agencies, and departments as the Directors consider appropriate, shall jointly conduct a study of the skills, recruitment, and retention of the personnel at the national laboratories who carry out projects under the Strategic Intelligence Partnership Program. 
 (b)  Elements .— The study under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1)  The degree to which the personnel at the national laboratories who carry out projects under the Strategic Intelligence Partnership Program have the requisite training, skillsets, or expertise in critical science, technology, and engineering areas to support ongoing and anticipated projects under such Program, and the sufficiency of such personnel. 
 (2)  Whether such personnel have compensation, benefits, and pay scales that are competitive with comparable roles in the private sector in the geographic market in which the relevant national laboratory is located. 
 (3)  Any challenges associated with the retention of such personnel. 
 (4)  The talent composition of such personnel, broken down by career phase and degree status, to include any relevant exit survey data. 
 (5)  A description of current or previous programs to enabling such personnel to rotate between elements of the intelligence community and the national laboratories, including the number of personnel on nonreimbursable or reimbursable assignment to an element of the intelligence community. 
 (6)  The degree to which such projects and personnel support or augment other ongoing mission areas and capacities at the national laboratories. 
 
 (c)  Recommendations .— Upon completing the study under subsection (a), the Directors shall jointly develop findings and recommendations based on the results of the study regarding the recruitment and retention of personnel at the national laboratories who carry out projects under the Strategic Intelligence Partnership Program, including with respect to the following: (1)  New or alternative business models, sponsorship arrangements, or work scope agreements. 
 (2)  Extending eligibility for existing, or establishing new, recruitment, retention, or other career incentive programs, including student loan repayment and forgiveness programs, to such personnel. 
 (3)  Initiating geographically flexible or remote work arrangements for such personnel. 
 (4)  Enabling such personnel to participate in training at elements of the intelligence community, or obtain academic training at the National Intelligence University. 
 (5)  Establishing new, or enhancing existing, opportunities for detailee or rotational programs among the intelligence community and the national laboratories. 
 (6)  Using a compensation system modeled on the Cyber Talent Management System of the Department of Homeland Security for such personnel. 
 (7)  Any other recommendations the Directors determine relevant. 136 STAT. 3535 
 
 (d)  Report .— (1)  Requirement .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Directors shall jointly submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report containing the study under subsection (a) and the recommendations under subsection (c). 
 (2)  Form .— The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (e)  National Laboratories Defined .— In this section, the term “ national laboratories ” means— (1)  each national security laboratory (as defined in section 3281(1) of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act ( 50 U.S.C. 2471(1) )); and 
 (2)  each national laboratory of the Department of Energy.