SEC. 6310.  REVIEW AND BRIEFING ON INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY ACTIVITIES UNDER EXECUTIVE ORDER 12333. (a)  Deadline. Review and Briefing Required .— No later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall— (1)  conduct a review to ascertain the feasibility and advisability of compiling and making public information relating to activities of the intelligence community under Executive Order 12333 ( 50 U.S.C. 3001 note ; relating to United States intelligence activities); and 
 (2)  provide the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives with a briefing on the findings of the Director with respect to the review conducted under paragraph (1). 
 
 (b)  Matters Addressed .— The review and briefing required by subsection (a) shall address the feasibility and advisability of making available to the public information relating to the following: 136 STAT. 3508 (1)  Data on activities described in subsection (a)(1), including the following: (A)  The amount of United States person information collected pursuant to such activities. 
 (B)  Queries of United States persons pursuant to such activities. 
 (C)  Dissemination of United States person information pursuant to such activities, including masking and unmasking. 
 (D)  The use of United States person information in criminal proceedings. 
 
 (2)  Quantitative data and qualitative descriptions of incidents in which the intelligence community violated Executive Order 12333 and associated guidelines and procedures. 
 
 (c)  Considerations .— In conducting the review under subsection (a)(1), the Director shall consider— (1)  the public transparency associated with the use by the intelligence community of the authorities provided under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 ( 50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq. ), including relevant data and compliance incidents; and 
 (2)  the application of the transparency model developed in connection with such Act to activities conducted under Executive Order 12333. 
 
 (d)  Disaggregation for Public Release .— In conducting the review under subsection (a)(1), the Director shall address whether the relevant data and compliance incidents associated with the different intelligence community entities can be disaggregated for public release.