SEC. 6807.  ASSESSMENTS OF THE EFFECTS OF SANCTIONS IMPOSED WITH RESPECT TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION’S INVASION OF UKRAINE. (a)  Definition of Appropriate Committees of Congress .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Time period. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for 2 years, the Director of National Intelligence shall, in coordination  136 STAT. 3597 
with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the heads of such other government agencies as the Director considers appropriate, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an assessment of the cumulative and material effects of the sanctions imposed by the United States, European countries, and the international community with respect to the Russian Federation in response to the February 24, 2022, full-scale invasion of Ukraine and subsequent actions by the Russian Federation. 
 (c)  Elements .— Each assessment submitted under subsection (b) shall include the following: (1)  Country listing. A description of efforts by the Russian Federation to evade or circumvent sanctions imposed by the United States, European countries, or the international community through direct or indirect engagement or direct or indirect assistance from— (A)  the regimes in Cuba and Nicaragua and the regime of Nicolás Maduro in Venezuela; 
 (B)  the People’s Republic of China; 
 (C)  the Islamic Republic of Iran; and 
 (D)  any other country the Director considers appropriate. 
 
 (2)  An assessment of the cumulative effect of the efforts described in paragraph (1), including on the Russian Federation’s strategic relationship with the regimes and countries described in such paragraph. 
 (3)  A description of the material effect of the sanctions described in subsection (b), including the effect of those sanctions on individual sectors of the economy of Russia, senior leadership, senior military officers, state-sponsored actors, and other state-affiliated actors in the Russian Federation that are either directly or incidentally subject to such sanctions. Such description shall include a discussion of those sanctions that had significant effects, as well as those that had no observed effects. 
 (4)  Methodologies for assessing the effects of different categories of financial and economic sanctions on the targets of such action, including with respect to specific industries, entities, individuals, and transactions. 
 (5)  A description of evasion techniques, including the use of digital assets, used by the Government of Russia, entities and persons covered by the sanctions, and by other governments, entities, and persons who have assisted in the use of such techniques, in response to the sanctions. 
 (6)  A description of any developments by other countries in creating alternative payment systems as a result of the invasion of Ukraine. 
 (7)  An assessment of how countries have assessed the risk of holding reserves in United States dollars since the February 24, 2022, invasion of Ukraine. 
 (8)  If sufficient collection allows, an assessment of the impact of any general licenses issued in relation to the sanctions described in subsection (b), including— (A)  the extent to which authorizations for internet-based communications have enabled continued monetization by Russian influence actors, while not silencing human-right activists and independent media; and 136 STAT. 3598 
 (B)  the extent to which licenses authorizing energy-related transactions have affected the Russian Federation’s ability to earn hard currency. 
 
 
 (d)  Form of Assessments .— Each assessment submitted under subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form and include a classified annex.