SEC. 6317.  IMPROVEMENTS TO PROGRAM ON RECRUITMENT AND TRAINING.   Section 1022 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3222 )  is amended  to read as follows: “SEC. 1022.  PROGRAM ON RECRUITMENT AND TRAINING. “(a)  Program .— “(1)  Requirement .— The Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the heads of the elements of the intelligence community, shall carry out a program to ensure that selected individuals are provided funds for academic training (including with respect to both undergraduate and postgraduate education), or to reimburse for academic training previously obtained— “(A)  in capabilities, missions, or skillsets, especially in the fields of science, technology, math, and engineering, to address workforce requirements in which the intelligence community is deficient or likely to be deficient in the future; or 136 STAT. 3514 
 “(B)  for such individuals who have backgrounds or experiences that the Director has identified as— “(i)  contributing to capabilities, missions, or skillsets in which the intelligence community is deficient or likely to be deficient in future; and 
 “(ii)  being underrepresented in the intelligence community or likely to be underrepresented in the future. 
 
 
 “(2)  Commitment .— An individual selected for participation in the program shall commit to employment with an element of the intelligence community for a period that the Director determines is commensurate with the amount of funding provided to the individual under the program and under such terms and conditions as the Director considers appropriate. 
 “(3)  Designation .— The program shall be known as the Pat Roberts Intelligence Scholars Program. 
 “(4)  Outreach .— The Director, in consultation with the heads of the elements of the intelligence community, shall maintain a publicly available internet website on the program that describes— “(A)  the intent of the program; 
 “(B)  the conditions and requirements for selection and participation; 
 “(C)  application instructions; 
 “(D)  the areas covered by the program pursuant to the review conducted under subsection (b)(2); and 
 “(E)  any other details the Director determines appropriate. 
 
 
 “(b)  Elements .— In carrying out the program under subsection (a), the Director shall— “(1)  Requirements. establish such requirements relating to the academic training of participants as the Director considers appropriate to ensure that participants are prepared for employment as intelligence professionals; and 
 “(2)  Review. on an annual basis, review the areas that will contribute to the capabilities, missions, and skillsets in which the intelligence community is deficient or is likely to be deficient in the future. 
 
 “(c)  Payments. Use of Funds .— Funds made available for the program under subsection (a) shall be used— “(1)  to provide a monthly stipend for each month that a participant is pursuing a course of study; 
 “(2)  to pay the partial or full tuition of a participant for the completion of such course of study; 
 “(3)  Reimbursement. to reimburse a participant for tuition paid by the participant before becoming an employee of an element of the intelligence community, including with respect to providing payments for student loans used for such tuition; 
 “(4)  to pay for books and materials that the participant requires or required to complete such course of study; 
 “(5)  to pay the expenses of the participant for travel requested by an element of the intelligence community in relation to such program; or 
 “(6)  for such other purposes the Director considers reasonably appropriate to carry out such program.” 
 
 
 . 136 STAT. 3515