SEC. 6713.  50 USC 3024 note . PILOT PROGRAM ON DESIGNATED EMERGING TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION PROJECTS. (a)  Pilot Program .— The Director of National Intelligence shall carry out a pilot program to more effectively transition promising prototypes or products in a developmental stage to a production stage, through designating eligible projects as “Emerging Technology Transition Projects”. 
 (b)  Designation .— (1)  Deadline. Guidelines. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall issue guidelines to implement the pilot program under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Requirements .— The guidelines issued pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following requirements: (A)  List. Each head of an element of the intelligence community shall submit to the Director of National Intelligence a prioritized list of not more than 10 eligible projects per year to be considered for designation by the Director of National Intelligence as Emerging Technology Transition Projects during the budget formulation process. 
 (B)  Designation. The Director of National Intelligence shall designate not more than 10 eligible projects per year as Emerging Technology Transition Projects. 
 (C)  Certifications. No eligible project may be designated by the Director of National Intelligence as an Emerging Technology Transition Project unless the head of an element of the intelligence community includes the project in the prioritized list under subparagraph (A) and submits to the Director of National Intelligence, with respect to the project, each of the following: (i)  A justification of why the product was nominated for transition, including a description of the importance of the proposed product to the mission of the intelligence community and the nominating agency. 
 (ii)  A certification that the project provides new technologies or processes, or new applications of existing technologies, that shall enable more effective alternatives to existing programs, systems, or initiatives of the intelligence community. 
 (iii)  A certification that the project provides future cost savings, significantly reduces the time to deliver capabilities to the intelligence community, or significantly improves a capability of the intelligence community. 
 (iv)  A certification that funding is not proposed for the project in the budget request of the respective covered element for the fiscal year following the fiscal year in which the project is submitted for consideration. 
 (v)  A certification in writing by the nominating head that the project meets all applicable criteria and requirements of the respective covered element for transition to production and that the nominating head would fund the project if additional funds were made available for such purpose. 136 STAT. 3569 
 (vi)  A description of the means by which the proposed production product shall be incorporated into the activities and long-term budget of the respective covered element following such transition. 
 (vii)  A description of steps taken to ensure that the use of the product shall reflect commercial best practices, as applicable. 
 
 (D)  A clear description of the selection of eligible projects, including specific criteria, that shall include, at a minimum, the requirements specified in subparagraph (C). 
 (E)  The designation of an official responsible for implementing this section and coordinating with the heads of the elements of the intelligence community with respect to the guidelines issued pursuant to paragraph (1) and overseeing the awards of funds to Emerging Technology Transition Projects with respect to that element. 
 
 (3)  Revocation of designation .— The designation of an Emerging Technology Transition Project under subsection (b) may be revoked at any time by— (A)  the Director of National Intelligence; or 
 (B)  the relevant head of a covered element of the intelligence community that previously submitted a project under subsection (b), in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence. 
 
 
 (c)  Benefits of Designation .— (1)  Inclusion in multiyear national intelligence program plan .— The Director of National Intelligence shall include in the relevant multiyear national intelligence program plan submitted to Congress under section 1403 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 ( 50 U.S.C. 3301 ) the planned expenditures, if any, of each designated project during the period of its designation. 
 (2)  Inclusion under separate exhibit .— The heads of elements of the intelligence community shall ensure that each designated project is included in a separate budget exhibit in the relevant multiyear national intelligence program plan submitted to Congress under such section 1403 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 ( 50 U.S.C. 3301 ) for the period of the designation of such project. 
 (3)  Consideration in programming and budgeting .— Each designated project shall be taken into consideration by the nominating head in the programming and budgeting phases of the intelligence planning, programming, budgeting, and evaluation process during the period of its designation. 
 
 (d)  Reports to Congress .— (1)  Annual reports .— On an annual basis for each fiscal year during which the pilot program under subsection (a) is carried out, concurrently with the submission of the budget of the President for that fiscal year under  section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code , the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report that includes the following: (A)  A description of each designated project. 136 STAT. 3570 
 (B)  Summary. A summary of the potential of each designated project, as specified in subsection (b)(2)(C). 
 (C)  For each designated project, a description of the progress made toward delivering on such potential. 
 (D)  A description of any funding proposed for the designated project in the future-years intelligence program, including by program, appropriation account, expenditure center, and project. 
 (E)  Such other information on the status of such pilot program as the Director considers appropriate. 
 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. Final report .— In the final report submitted under paragraph (1) prior to the date of termination under subsection (e), the Director of National Intelligence shall include a recommendation on whether to extend the pilot program under subsection (a) and the appropriate duration of such extension, if any. 
 
 (e)  Termination Date .— The authority to carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate on December 31, 2027. 
 (f)  Definition of Covered Element of the Intelligence Community .— In this section, the term “ covered element of the intelligence community ” means the following: (1)  The Office of the Director of National Intelligence. 
 (2)  The Central Intelligence Agency. 
 (3)  The National Security Agency. 
 (4)  The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. 
 (5)  The National Reconnaissance Office. 
 (6)  The Defense Intelligence Agency.