SEC. 6601.  50 USC 3024 note . IMPROVING ONBOARDING OF PERSONNEL IN INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. (a)  Definition of Onboard Period .— In this section, the term “ onboard period ” means the period beginning on the date on which an individual submits an application for employment and ending on— (1)  the date on which the individual is offered one or more entrance on duty dates; or 
 (2)  the date on which the individual enters on duty. 
 
 (b)  Policy Guidance .— The Director of National Intelligence shall establish policy guidance appropriate for all elements of the  136 STAT. 3557 
intelligence community that can be used to measure, consistently and reliably, the onboard period. 
 (c)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on the time it takes to onboard personnel in the intelligence community. 
 (2)  Elements .— The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall cover the mean and median time it takes to onboard personnel in the intelligence community, disaggregated by mode of onboarding and element of the intelligence community. 
 
 (d)  Deadline. Plan .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director, in coordination with the heads of the elements of the intelligence community, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a plan to reduce the onboard period for personnel in the intelligence community, for elements of the intelligence community that currently have median onboarding times that exceed 180 days. 
 (2)  Elements .— The plan submitted under paragraph (1) shall include milestones to achieve certain specific goals with respect to the mean, median, and mode time it takes to onboard personnel in the elements of the intelligence community described in such paragraph, disaggregated by element of the intelligence community. 
 
 (e)  Deadline. Implementation .— The heads of the elements of the intelligence community, including the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, shall implement the plan submitted under subsection (d) and take all such actions each head considers appropriate and necessary to ensure that by December 31, 2023, the median duration of the onboard period for new employees at each element of the intelligence community is equal to less than 180 days.