SEC. 6414.  AUTHORITY OF CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY TO PROVIDE PROTECTION FOR CERTAIN PERSONNEL. (a)  Authority .— Paragraph (4) of section 5(a) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 ( 50 U.S.C. 3506(a) ), as amended by section 6303, is further amended to read as follows: “(4)  Authorize personnel designated by the Director to carry firearms to the extent necessary for the performance of the Agency’s authorized functions, except that, within the United States, such authority shall be limited to the purposes of— “(A)  the training of Agency personnel and other authorized persons in the use of firearms; 
 “(B)  the protection of classified materials and information; 
 “(C)  the protection of installations and property of the Agency; 
 “(D)  the protection of— “(i)  current and former Agency personnel and their immediate families; 
 “(ii)  individuals nominated by the President to the position of Director (including with respect to an individual whom a President-elect (as defined in section 3(c) of the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 ( 3 U.S.C. 102 note ) has declared an intent to nominate) and their immediate families; and 
 “(iii)  defectors and their immediate families, and other persons in the United States under Agency auspices; and 
 
 “(E)  with respect to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the protection of— “(i)  installations and property of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence; 
 “(ii)  the Director of National Intelligence and the immediate family of the Director; 
 “(iii)  current and former personnel of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and their immediate families as the Director of National Intelligence may designate; and 136 STAT. 3528 
 “(iv)  individuals nominated by the President to the position of Director of National Intelligence (including with respect to an individual whom a President-elect has declared an intent to nominate) and their immediate families;” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Conforming Amendment .— Section 15(d)(1) of such Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3515(d)(1) )  is amended  by  striking  “ designated by the Director under section 5(a)(4) to carry firearms for the protection of current or former Agency personnel and their immediate families, defectors and their immediate families, and other persons in the United States under Agency auspices, ” and  inserting  the following: “ designated by the Director to carry firearms under subparagraph (D) or (E) of section 5(a)(4), ”. 
 (c)  Technical Amendment .— Paragraphs (7) and (8) of section 5(a) of such Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3506(a) ) are amended by adjusting the margins to conform with the other paragraphs in such section.