SEC. 711.  10 USC 1071 note . ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WOUNDED WARRIORS UNDERGOING DISABILITY EVALUATION. (a)  Deadline. Policy .— Not later than April 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries concerned, shall establish a policy to ensure accountability for actions taken under the authorities of the Defense Health Agency and the Armed Forces, respectively, concerning wounded, ill, and injured members of the Armed Forces during the integrated disability evaluation system process. Such policy shall include the following: (1)  A restatement of the requirement that, in accordance with  section 1216(b) of title 10, United States Code , a determination of fitness for duty of a member of the Armed Forces under  chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code , is the responsibility of the Secretary concerned. 
 (2)  A description of the role of the Director of the Defense Health Agency in supporting the Secretaries concerned in carrying out determinations of fitness for duty as specified in paragraph (1). 
 (3)  A description of how the medical evaluation board processes of the Armed Forces are integrated with the Defense Health Agency, including with respect to case management, appointments, and other relevant matters. 
 (4)  Requirement. A requirement that, in determining fitness for duty of a member of the Armed Forces under  chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code , the Secretary concerned shall consider the results of any medical evaluation of the member provided under the authority of the Defense Health Agency pursuant to  section 1073c of title 10, United States Code . 
 (5)  A description of how the Director of the Defense Health Agency adheres to the medical evaluation processes of the Armed Forces, including an identification of each applicable regulation or policy to which the Director is required to so adhere. 
 (6)  Assessment. An assessment of the feasibility of affording various additional due process protections to members of the Armed Forces undergoing the medical evaluation board process. 
 (7)  A restatement of the requirement that wounded, ill, and injured members of the Armed Forces may not be denied any due process protection afforded under applicable law or regulation of the Department of Defense or the Armed Forces. 
 (8)  A description of the types of due process protections specified in paragraph (7), including an identification of each specific due process protection. 
 
 (b)  Clarification of Responsibilities Regarding Medical Evaluation Boards .— Section 1073c of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  subsection (h) as subsection (i); and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after subsection (g) the following new subsection (h): 136 STAT. 2657 
 “(h)  Rule of Construction Regarding Secretaries Concerned and Medical Evaluation Boards .— Nothing in this section shall be construed as transferring to the Director of the Defense Health Agency, or otherwise revoking, any authority or responsibility of the Secretary concerned under chapter 61 of this title with respect to a member of the armed forces (including with respect to the administration of morale and welfare and the determination of fitness for duty for the member) while the member is being considered by a medical evaluation board.” 
 . 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than February 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the status of the implementation of subsections (a) and (b). 
 (d)  Recommenda- tions. Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the implementation of subsections (a) and (b), lessons learned as a result of such implementation, and the recommendations of the Secretary relating to the policy on wounded, ill, and injured members of the Armed Forces undergoing the integrated disability evaluation system process. 
 (e)  Secretary Concerned Defined .— In this section, the term “ Secretary concerned ” has the meaning given that term in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code .