SEC. 749.  BRIEFING ON SUICIDE PREVENTION REFORMS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. (a)  In General .— Not later than March 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the following: (1)  The feasibility and advisability of implementing reforms related to suicide prevention among members of the Armed Forces as follows: (A)  Eliminating mental health history as a disqualifier for service in the Armed Forces, including by eliminating restrictions related to mental health history that are specific to military occupational specialties. 
 (B)  Requiring comprehensive and in-person annual mental health assessments of members of the Armed Forces. 
 (C)  Requiring behavioral health providers under the TRICARE program, including providers contracted through  136 STAT. 2690 
such program, to undergo evidence-based and suicide-specific training. 
 (D)  Requiring leaders at all levels of the Armed Forces to be trained on the following: (i)  Total wellness. 
 (ii)  Suicide warning signs and risk factors. 
 (iii)  Evidence-based, suicide-specific interventions. 
 (iv)  Effectively communicating with medical and behavioral health providers. 
 (v)  Communicating with family members, including extended family members who are not co-located with a member of the Armed Forces, on support and access to resources for members of the Armed Forces and the dependents thereof. 
 
 (E)  Requiring mandatory referral to Warriors in Transition programs, or other transitional programs, for members of the Armed Forces who are eligible for such programs. 
 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for additional legislative actions necessary to further enhance or expand suicide prevention efforts of the Department of Defense. 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— In this section— (1)  The term “ TRICARE program ” has the meaning given that term in  section 1072 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  The term “ Warriors in Transition program ” has the meaning given that term in section 738(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 ( Public Law 112–239 ;  10 U.S.C. 1071 note ).