SEC. 736.  10 USC 1071 note . ESTABLISHMENT OF PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM BETWEEN UNITED STATES AND UKRAINE FOR MILITARY TRAUMA CARE AND RESEARCH.   Not later than February 24, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a partnership with the appropriate counterpart from the Government of Ukraine for the establishment of a joint program on military trauma care and research. Such program shall consist of the following: (1)  The sharing of relevant lessons learned from the Russo-Ukraine War. 
 (2)  The conduct of relevant joint conferences and exchanges with military medical professionals from Ukraine and the United States. 
 (3)  Collaboration with the armed forces of Ukraine on matters relating to health policy, health administration, and medical supplies and equipment, including through knowledge exchanges. 
 (4)  The conduct of joint research and development on the health effects of new and emerging weapons. 
 (5)  Contracts. The entrance into agreements with military medical schools of Ukraine for reciprocal education programs under which students at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences receive specialized military medical instruction at the such military medical schools of Ukraine and military medical personnel of Ukraine receive specialized military medical instruction at the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, pursuant to  section 2114(f) of title 10, United States Code . 136 STAT. 2671 
 (6)  The provision of support to Ukraine for the purpose of facilitating the establishment in Ukraine of a program substantially similar to the Wounded Warrior Program in the United States. 
 (7)  The provision of training to the armed forces of Ukraine in the following areas: (A)  Health matters relating to chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear and explosive weapons. 
 (B)  Preventive medicine and infectious disease. 
 (C)  Post traumatic stress disorder. 
 (D)  Suicide prevention. 
 
 (8)  List. The maintenance of a list of medical supplies and equipment needed. 
 (9)  Such other elements as the Secretary of Defense may determine appropriate.