SEC. 7141.  QUADRENNIAL HOMELAND SECURITY REVIEW TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS. (a)  In General .— Section 707 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 347 )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a)(3)— (A)  in subparagraph (B), by  striking  “ and ” after the semicolon at the end; 
 (B)  by  redesignating  subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and 
 (C)  by  inserting  after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: “(C)  representatives from appropriate advisory committees established pursuant to section 871, including the Homeland Security Advisory Council and the Homeland Security Science and Technology Advisory Committee, or otherwise established, including the Aviation Security Advisory Committee established pursuant to  section 44946 of title 49, United States Code ; and” 
 ; 
 
 (2)  in subsection (b)— (A)  in paragraph (2), by  inserting  before the semicolon at the end the following: “ based on the risk assessment required pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(B) ”; 
 (B)  in paragraph (3)— (i)  by  inserting  “ , to the extent practicable, ” after “ describe ”; and 
 (ii)  by  striking  “ budget plan ” and  inserting  “ resources required ”; 
 
 (C)  in paragraph (4)— (i)  by  inserting  “ , to the extent practicable, ” after “ identify ”; 
 (ii)  by  striking  “ budget plan required to provide sufficient resources to successfully ” and  inserting  “ resources required to ”; and 
 (iii)  by  striking  the semicolon at the end and  inserting  the following: “ , including any resources identified from redundant, wasteful, or unnecessary capabilities or capacities that may be redirected to better support other existing capabilities or capacities, as the case may be; and ”; 
 
 (D)  in paragraph (5), by  striking  “ ; and ” and  inserting  a period; and 
 (E)  by  striking  paragraph (6); 
 
 (3)  in subsection (c)— (A)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ December 31 of the year ” and  inserting  “ 60 days after the date of the submission of the President’s budget for the fiscal year after the fiscal year ”; 
 (B)  in paragraph (2)— (i)  in subparagraph (B), by  striking  “ description of the threats to ” and  inserting  “ risk assessment of ”; 
 (ii)  in subparagraph (C), by  inserting  “ , as required under subsection (b)(2) ” before the semicolon at the end; 136 STAT. 3653 
 (iii)  in subparagraph (D)— (I)  by  inserting  “ to the extent practicable, ” before “ a description ”; and 
 (II)  by  striking  “ budget plan ” and  inserting  “ resources required ”; 
 
 (iv)  in subparagraph (F)— (I)  by  inserting  “ to the extent practicable, ” before “ a discussion ”; and 
 (II)  by  striking  “ the status of ”; 
 
 (v)  in subparagraph (G)— (I)  by  inserting  “ to the extent practicable, ” before “ a discussion ”; 
 (II)  by  striking  “ the status of ”; 
 (III)  by  inserting  “ and risks ” before “ to national homeland ”; and 
 (IV)  by  inserting  “ and ” after the semicolon at the end; 
 
 (vi)  by  striking  subparagraph (H); and 
 (vii)  by  redesignating  subparagraph (I) as subparagraph (H); 
 
 (C)  by  redesignating  paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and 
 (D)  by  inserting  after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: “(3)  Documentation .— The Secretary shall retain and, upon request, provide to Congress the following documentation regarding each quadrennial homeland security review: “(A)  Records. Records regarding the consultation carried out pursuant to subsection (a)(3), including the following: “(i)  All written communications, including communications sent out by the Secretary and feedback submitted to the Secretary through technology, online communications tools, in-person discussions, and the interagency process. 
 “(ii)  Information on how feedback received by the Secretary informed each such quadrennial homeland security review. 
 
 “(B)  Information regarding the risk assessment required pursuant to subsection (c)(2)(B), including the following: “(i)  The risk model utilized to generate such risk assessment. 
 “(ii)  Information, including data used in the risk model, utilized to generate such risk assessment. 
 “(iii)  Sources of information, including other risk assessments, utilized to generate such risk assessment. 
 “(iv)  Information on assumptions, weighing factors, and subjective judgments utilized to generate such risk assessment, together with information on the rationale or basis thereof.” 
 
 
 ; 
 
 (4)  by  redesignating  subsection (d) as subsection (e); and 
 (5)  by  inserting  after subsection (c) the following new subsection: “(d)  Deadline. Review .— Not later than 90 days after the submission of each report required under subsection (c)(1), the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and  136 STAT. 3654 
Governmental Affairs of the Senate information on the degree to which the findings and recommendations developed in the quadrennial homeland security review that is the subject of such report were integrated into the acquisition strategy and expenditure plans for the Department.” 
 . 
 
 (b)  6 USC 347 note . Effective Date .— The amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to a quadrennial homeland security review conducted after December 31, 2021.