SEC. 743.  UPDATES TO PRIOR FEASIBILITY STUDIES ON ESTABLISHMENT OF NEW COMMAND ON DEFENSE HEALTH. (a)  Updates .— The Secretary of Defense shall update prior studies regarding the feasibility of establishing a new defense health command under which the Defense Health Agency would be a joint component. In conducting such updates, the Secretary shall consider for such new command each of the following potential structures: (1)  A unified combatant command. 
 (2)  A specified combatant command. 
 (3)  Any other command structure the Secretary determines is appropriate for consideration. 
 
 (b)  Assessments. Matters .— The updates under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the new command specified in such subsection, the following: (1)  An assessment of the potential organizational structure of the new command sufficient for the new command to carry out the responsibilities described in subsection (c), including a description of the following: (A)  The potential reporting relationship between the commander of the new command, the Assistant Secretary  136 STAT. 2682 
of Defense for Health Affairs, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. 
 (B)  The potential relationship of the new command to the military departments, the combatant commands, and the Joint Staff. 
 (C)  The potential responsibilities of the commander of the new command and how such responsibilities would differ from the responsibilities of the Director of the Defense Health Agency. 
 (D)  The potential chain of command between such commander and the Secretary of Defense. 
 (E)  The potential roles of the Surgeons General of the Army, Navy, and Air Force, with respect to such commander. 
 (F)  Any organizations that support the Defense Health Agency, such as the medical departments and medical logistics organizations of each military department. 
 (G)  The potential organizational structure of the new command, including any subordinate commands. 
 (H)  The geographic location, or multiple such locations, of the headquarters of the new command and any subordinate commands. 
 (I)  How the Defense Health Agency currently serves as a provider of optimally trained and clinically proficient health care professionals to support combatant commands. 
 (J)  How the new command may further serve as a provider of optimally trained and clinically proficient health care professionals to support combatant commands. 
 
 (2)  An assessment of any additional funding necessary to establish the new command. 
 (3)  An assessment of any additional legislative authorities necessary to establish the new command, including with respect to the executive leadership and direction of the new command. 
 (4)  An assessment of the required resourcing of the executive leadership of the new command. 
 (5)  Timeline. If the Secretary makes the determination to establish the new command, a timeline for such establishment. 
 (6)  Timeline. If the Secretary defers such determination pending further implementation of other organizational reforms to the military health system, a timeline for such future determination. 
 (7)  Such other matters relating to the establishment, operations, or activities of the new command as the Secretary may determine appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Responsibilities Described .— The responsibilities described in this subsection are as follows: (1)  The conduct of health operations among operational units of the Armed Forces. 
 (2)  The administration of military medical treatment facilities. 
 (3)  The administration of the TRICARE program. 
 (4)  Serving as the element of the Armed Forces with the primary responsibility for the following: (A)  Medical treatment, advanced trauma management, emergency surgery, and resuscitative care. 
 (B)  Emergency and specialty surgery, intensive care, medical specialty care, and related services. 136 STAT. 2683 
 (C)  Preventive, acute, restorative, curative, rehabilitative, and convalescent care. 
 
 (5)  Collaboration with medical facilities participating in the National Disaster Medical System established pursuant to section 2812 of the Public Health Service Act ( 42 U.S.C. 300hh–11 ), the Veterans Health Administration, and such other Federal departments and agencies and nongovermental organizations as may be determined appropriate by the Secretary, including with respect to the care services specified in paragraph (4)(C). 
 (6)  The conduct of existing research and education activities of the Department of Defense in the field of health sciences. 
 (7)  The conduct of public health and global health activities not otherwise assigned to the Armed Forces. 
 (8)  The administration of the Defense Health Program Account under  section 1100 of title 10, United States Code . 
 
 (d)  Interim Briefing .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the method by which the Secretary intends to update prior studies as required pursuant to subsection (a). 
 (e)  Final Briefing; Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1)  provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a final briefing on the implementation of this section; and 
 (2)  submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report containing the updates to prior studies required pursuant to subsection (a), including each of the elements specified in subsection (b).