SEC. 722.  10 USC 1791 note . AUTHORITY FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAM TO PROMOTE EARLY LITERACY AMONG CERTAIN YOUNG CHILDREN. (a)  Authority .— The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program to promote early literacy among young children in child  136 STAT. 2664 
development centers and libraries located on installations of the Department of Defense. 
 (b)  Activities .— Activities under the program under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  The provision of training on early literacy promotion to appropriate personnel of the Department. 
 (2)  The purchase and distribution of age-appropriate books to covered caregivers assigned to or serving at an installation of the Department with a child development center or library at which the Secretary is carrying out the program. 
 (3)  The dissemination to covered caregivers of education materials on early literacy. 
 (4)  Such other activities as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Locations .— In carrying out the program under subsection (a), the Secretary may conduct the activities under subsection (b) at any child development center or library located on an installation of the Department. 
 (d)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the extent to which the authority under subsection (a) is used, including— (1)  a description of any activities carried out under the program so authorized; and 
 (2)  Evaluation. an evaluation of the potential expansion of such program to be included as a part of the pediatric primary care of young children and to be carried out in military medical treatment facilities. 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered caregiver ” means a member of the Armed Forces who is a caregiver of a young child. 
 (2)  The term “ young child ” means any child from birth to the age of five years old, inclusive.