SEC. 706.  INDEPENDENT ANALYSIS OF QUALITY AND PATIENT SAFETY REVIEW PROCESS UNDER DIRECT CARE COMPONENT OF TRICARE PROGRAM. (a)  Agreement .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center for the federally funded research and development center to carry out the activities described in subsections (b) and (c). 
 (2)  Timing .— The Secretary shall seek to enter into the agreement described in paragraph (1) not later October 1, 2023. 
 
 (b)  Analysis by FFRDC .— (1)  Recommenda- tions. Analysis .— Under an agreement between the Secretary and a federally funded research and development center entered into pursuant to subsection (a), the federally funded research and development center shall conduct an analysis of the quality and patient safety review process for health care provided under the direct care component of the TRICARE program and develop recommendations for the Secretary based on such analysis. 
 (2)  Assessments. Elements .— The analysis conducted and recommendations developed under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the direct care component of the TRICARE program, an assessment of the following: 136 STAT. 2651 
 (A)  Procedures. The procedures under such component regarding credentialing and privileging for health care providers (and an assessment of compliance with such procedures). 
 (B)  The processes under such component for quality assurance, standard of care, and incident review (and an assessment of compliance with such processes). 
 (C)  The accountability processes under such component for health care providers who are found to have not met a required standard of care. 
 (D)  The transparency activities carried out under such component, including an assessment of the publication of clinical quality metrics (at the level of military medical treatment facilities and other operational medical units of the Department of Defense), and a comparison with similar metrics for non-Department health care entities. 
 (E)  The standardization activities carried under such component, including activities aimed at eliminating unwarranted variation in clinical quality metrics at the level of military medical treatment facilities and other operational medical units of the Department. 
 (F)  The implementation under such component of the requirements of section 744 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  134 Stat. 3708 ;  10 U.S.C. 1071 note ), including with respect to health care delivery on ships and planes, in deployed settings, and in all other circumstances outside of military medical treatment facilities. 
 (G)  The organizational roles and responsibilities of military health system entities involved in clinical quality management functions under such component, including the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, the Director of the Defense Health Agency, and the Surgeons General of the Army, Navy, and Air Force, each of whom shall conduct and submit to the federally funded research and development center an internal assessment of the respective entity regarding each element set forth under this paragraph. 
 
 (3)  Information access and privacy .— (A)  Access to records .— Notwithstanding  section 1102 of title 10, United States Code , the Secretary shall provide the federally funded research and development center with access to such records of the Department of Defense as the Secretary may determine necessary for purposes of the federally funded research and development center conducting the analysis and developing the recommendations under paragraph (1). 
 (B)  Privacy of information .— In conducting the analysis and developing the recommendations under paragraph (1), the federally funded research and development center— (i)  shall maintain any personally identifiable information in records accessed by the federally funded research and development center pursuant to subparagraph (A) in accordance with applicable laws, protections, and best practices regarding the privacy of information; and 136 STAT. 2652 
 (ii)  may not permit access to such information by any individual or entity not engaged in conducting such analysis or developing such recommendations. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Briefing and Reports .— (1)  Deadline. Interim briefing .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate an interim briefing on— (A)  the selection of a federally funded research and development center with which the Secretary shall seek to enter into an agreement with under subsection (a); 
 (B)  Guidance. any related guidance issued by the Secretary; and 
 (C)  the methodology for conducting the study to be used by such federally funded research and development center. 
 
 (2)  Report to secretary .— Under an agreement entered into between the Secretary and a federally funded research and development center under subsection (a), the federally funded research and development center, not later than one year after the date of the execution of the agreement, shall submit to the Secretary a report on the findings of the federally funded research and development center with respect to the analysis conducted and recommendations developed under subsection (b). 
 (3)  Assessment. Plans. Report to congress .— Not later than 120 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the report of the federally funded research and development center under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate such report, along with an assessment by the Secretary of the analysis, findings, and recommendations contained therein and the plan of the Secretary for strengthening clinical quality management in the military health system. 
 (4)  Public information. Web posting. Publication .— The Secretary shall make the report under paragraph (2) available on a public website in unclassified form. 
 
 (d)  TRICARE Program Defined .— In this section, the term “ TRICARE program ” has the meaning given such term in  section 1072 of title 10, United States Code .