SEC. 7121.  6 USC 665m . PRESIDENT’S CUP CYBERSECURITY COMPETITION. (a)  In General .— The Director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (in this section referred to as the “Director”) of the Department of Homeland Security is authorized to hold an annual cybersecurity competition to be known as the “Department of Homeland Security Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’s President’s Cup Cybersecurity Competition” (in this section referred to as the “competition”) for the purpose of identifying, challenging, and competitively awarding prizes, including cash prizes, to the United States Government’s best cybersecurity practitioners and teams across offensive and defensive cybersecurity disciplines. 
 (b)  Compliance. Eligibility .— To be eligible to participate in the competition, an individual shall be a Federal civilian employee or member of the uniformed services (as such term is defined in  section 2101(3) of title 5, United States Code ) and shall comply with any rules promulgated by the Director regarding the competition. 
 (c)  Competition Administration .— The Director may enter into a grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement with a private sector for-profit or nonprofit entity or State or local government agency to administer the competition. 
 (d)  Competition Parameters .— Each competition shall incorporate the following elements: (1)  Cybersecurity skills outlined in the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Education Framework, or any successor framework. 
 (2)  Individual and team events. 
 (3)  Categories demonstrating offensive and defensive cyber operations, such as software reverse engineering and exploitation, network operations, forensics, big data analysis, cyber  136 STAT. 3639 
analysis, cyber defense, cyber exploitation, secure programming, obfuscated coding, or cyber-physical systems. 
 (4)  Any other elements related to paragraphs (1), (2), or (3), as determined necessary by the Director. 
 
 (e)  Use of Funds .— (1)  In general .— In order to further the goals and objectives of the competition, the Director may use amounts made available to the Director for the competition for reasonable expenses for the following: (A)  Advertising, marketing, and promoting the competition. 
 (B)  Meals for participants and organizers of the competition if attendance at the meal during the competition is necessary to maintain the integrity of the competition. 
 (C)  Promotional items, including merchandise and apparel. 
 (D)  Consistent with  section 4503 of title 5, United States Code , necessary expenses for the honorary recognition of competition participants, including members of the uniformed services. 
 (E)  Monetary and nonmonetary awards for competition participants, including members of the uniformed services, subject to subsection (f). 
 
 (2)  Application .— This subsection shall apply to amounts appropriated on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 
 (f)  Prize Limitation .— (1)  Awards by the director .— The Director may make one or more awards per competition, except that the amount or value of each shall not exceed $10,000. 
 (2)  Awards by the secretary of homeland security .— The Secretary of Homeland Security may make one or more awards per competition, except the amount or the value of each shall not exceed $25,000. 
 (3)  Regular pay .— A monetary award under this section shall be in addition to the regular pay of the recipient. 
 (4)  Overall yearly award limit .— The total amount or value of awards made under this Act during a fiscal year may not exceed $100,000. 
 
 (g)  Reporting Requirements .— The Director shall annually provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report that includes the following with respect to each competition conducted in the preceding year: (1)  A description of available amounts. 
 (2)  A description of authorized expenditures. 
 (3)  Information relating to participation. 
 (4)  Information relating to lessons learned, and how such lessons may be applied to improve cybersecurity operations and recruitment of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency of the Department of Homeland Security. 136 STAT. 3640