SEC. 7123.  NATIONAL COMPUTER FORENSICS INSTITUTE REAUTHORIZATION.   Section 822 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 383 )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a)— (A)  in the subsection heading, by  striking  “ In General ” and  inserting  “ In General; Mission ”; 
 (B)  by  striking  “ 2017 through 2022 ” and  inserting  “ 2023 through 2028 ”; and 
 (C)  by  striking  the second sentence and  inserting  “ The Institute’s mission shall be to educate, train, and equip State, local, territorial, and Tribal law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and judges, as well as participants in the United States Secret Service’s network of cyber fraud task forces who are Federal employees, members of the uniformed services, or State, local, Tribal, or territorial employees, regarding the investigation and prevention of cybersecurity incidents, electronic crimes, and related cybersecurity threats, including through the dissemination of homeland security information, in accordance with relevant Federal law regarding privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties protections. ”; 
 
 (2)  by  amending  subsection (b) to read as follows: “(b)  Curriculum .— In furtherance of subsection (a), all education and training of the Institute shall be conducted in accordance with relevant Federal law regarding privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties protections. Education and training provided pursuant to subsection (a) shall relate to the following: “(1)  Investigating and preventing cybersecurity incidents, electronic crimes, and related cybersecurity threats, including relating to instances involving illicit use of digital assets and emerging trends in cybersecurity and electronic crime. 
 “(2)  Conducting forensic examinations of computers, mobile devices, and other information systems. 
 “(3)  Prosecutorial and judicial considerations related to cybersecurity incidents, electronic crimes, related cybersecurity threats, and forensic examinations of computers, mobile devices, and other information systems. 
 “(4)  Methods to obtain, process, store, and admit digital evidence in court.” 
 
 . 136 STAT. 3642 
 (3)  in subsection (c)— (A)  by  striking  “ cyber and electronic crime and related threats is shared with State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers and prosecutors ” and  inserting  “ cybersecurity incidents, electronic crimes, and related cybersecurity threats is shared with recipients of education and training provided pursuant to subsection (a) ”; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following new sentence: “ When selecting participants for such training, the Institute shall prioritize, to the extent reasonable and practicable, providing education and training to individuals from geographically-diverse jurisdictions throughout the United States, and the Institute shall prioritize, to the extent reasonable and practicable, State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers, prosecutors, judges, and other employees. ”; 
 
 (4)  in subsection (d)— (A)  by  striking  “ State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers ” and  inserting  “ recipients of education and training provided pursuant to subsection (a) ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ necessary to conduct cyber and electronic crime and related threat investigations and computer and mobile device forensic examinations ” and  inserting  “ for investigating and preventing cybersecurity incidents, electronic crimes, and related cybersecurity threats, and for forensic examinations of computers, mobile devices, and other information systems ”; 
 
 (5)  in subsection (e)— (A)  by  amending  the heading to read as follows: “ Cyber Fraud Task Forces ”; 
 (B)  by  striking  “ Electronic Crime ” and  inserting  “ Cyber Fraud ”; 
 (C)  by  striking  “ State, local, tribal, and territorial law enforcement officers ” and  inserting  “ recipients of education and training provided pursuant to subsection (a) ”; and 
 (D)  by  striking  “ at ” and  inserting  “ by ”; and 
 
 (6)  by  inserting  after subsection (f) the following new subsections: “(g)  Expenses .— The Director of the United States Secret Service may pay for all or a part of the education, training, or equipment provided by the Institute, including relating to the travel, transportation, and subsistence expenses of recipients of education and training provided pursuant to subsection (a). 
 “(h)  Annual Reports to Congress .— “(1)  In general .— The Secretary shall include in the annual report required under  section 1116 of title 31, United States Code , information regarding the activities of the Institute, including, where possible, the following: “(A)  An identification of jurisdictions with recipients of the education and training provided pursuant to subsection (a) during such year. 
 “(B)  Information relating to the costs associated with that education and training. 
 “(C)  Any information regarding projected future demand for the education and training provided pursuant to subsection (a). 136 STAT. 3643 
 “(D)  Impacts of the activities of the Institute on the capability of jurisdictions to investigate and prevent cybersecurity incidents, electronic crimes, and related cybersecurity threats. 
 “(E)  A description of the nomination process for potential recipients of the information and training provided pursuant to subsection (a). 
 “(F)  Any other issues determined relevant by the Secretary. 
 
 “(2)  Exception .— Any information required under paragraph (1) that is submitted as part of the annual budget submitted by the President to Congress under  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code , is not required to be included in the report required under paragraph (1). 
 
 “(i)  Definitions .— In this section: “(1)  Cybersecurity threat .— The term ‘ cybersecurity threat ’ has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (enacted as division N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 ( Public Law 114–113 ;  6 U.S.C. 1501 )). 
 “(2)  Incident .— The term ‘ incident ’ has the meaning given such term in section 2209(a). 
 “(3)  Information system .— The term ‘ information system ’ has the meaning given such term in section 102 of the Cybersecurity Act of 2015 (enacted as division N of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 ( Public Law 114–113 ;  6 U.S.C. 1501(9) )).” 
 
 .