SEC. 724.  FEASIBILITY STUDY AND PLAN ON ESTABLISHING A MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM MEDICAL LOGISTICS DIRECTORATE AND MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM EDUCATION AND TRAINING DIRECTORATE. (a)  Study and Plan .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall— (1)  conduct a study on the feasibility of the establishment within the Defense Health Agency of two subordinate organizations, to be known as the Military Health System Medical Logistics Directorate and the Military Health System Education and Training Directorate, respectively; and 
 (2)  develop a plan for such establishment. 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The plan under subsection (a)(2) shall include the following: (1)  Military health system medical logistics directorate .— With respect to the Military Health System Medical Logistics Directorate, the following: (A)  A description of the organizational structure of the Directorate (including any subordinate organizations), including the incorporation into the Directorate of existing organizations of the military departments that provide operational theater medical materiel support. 
 (B)  A description of the resourcing by the Secretary of the executive leadership of the Directorate. 
 (C)  A description of the geographic location, or multiple such locations, of the elements of the Directorate. 
 (D)  A description of how the head of the medical research and development organization within the Defense Health Agency shall coordinate with the Directorate. 
 (E)  A description of the ability of the Directorate to address the medical logistics requirements of the military departments, the combatant commands, and the Joint Staff. 136 STAT. 2666 
 (F)  A description of any additional funding required to establish the Directorate. 
 (G)  A description of any additional legislative authorities required to establish the Directorate, including any such authorities required for the leadership and direction of the Directorate. 
 (H)  A description of any military department-specific capabilities, requirements, or best practices relating to medical logistics necessary to be considered prior to the establishment of the Directorate. 
 (I)  Such other matters relating to the establishment, operations, or activities of the Directorate as the Secretary may determine appropriate. 
 
 (2)  Military health system education and training directorate .— With respect to the Military Health System Education and Training Directorate, the following: (A)  A description of the organizational structure of the Directorate (including any subordinate organizations), including the incorporation into the Directorate of existing organizations that provide relevant medical education and training, such as the following: (i)  The Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences. 
 (ii)  The College of Allied Health Sciences of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences. 
 (iii)  The Medical Education and Training Campus of the Department of Defense. 
 (iv)  The medical education and training commands and organizations of the military departments. 
 (v)  The medical training programs of the military departments affiliated with civilian academic institutions. 
 
 (B)  A description of the resourcing by the Secretary of the executive leadership of the Directorate. 
 (C)  A description of the geographic location, or multiple such locations, of the elements of the Directorate. 
 (D)  A description of the ability of the Directorate to address the medical education and training requirements of the military departments. 
 (E)  A description of any additional funding required for the establishment the Directorate. 
 (F)  A description of any additional legislative authorities required for the establishment of the Directorate, including any such authorities required for the leadership and direction of the Directorate. 
 (G)  Such other matters relating to the establishment, operations, or activities of the Directorate as the Secretary may determine appropriate. 
 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Submission .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate— (1)  the results of the study under subsection (a)(1); and 
 (2)  the plan under subsection (a)(2). 136 STAT. 2667