SEC. 7102.  PRESERVATION OF HOMELAND SECURITY CAPABILITIES. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Administrator .— The term “ Administrator ” means the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. 
 (2)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 136 STAT. 3620 
 (3)  Covered homeland security capability .— The term “ covered homeland security capability ” means a homeland security capability related to preventing, preparing for, protecting against, or responding to acts of terrorism that— (A)  was developed or otherwise supported through grant funding under the UASI before the current fiscal year; and 
 (B)  is at risk of being reduced or eliminated without additional Federal financial assistance. 
 
 (4)  Covered urban area .— The term “ covered urban area ” means an urban area that— (A)  during the current fiscal year did not receive grant funding under the UASI; and 
 (B)  requires continued Federal assistance for the purpose of preserving a covered homeland security capability. 
 
 (5)  Secretary .— The term “ Secretary ” means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
 (6)  UASI .— The term “ UASI ” means the Urban Area Security Initiative under section 2003 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 604 ). 
 
 (b)  Report and Proposal .— (1)  Submission to congress .— Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Administrator, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report regarding covered homeland security capabilities, including a proposal relating to providing Federal assistance to covered urban areas to preserve such capabilities that is informed by the survey information collected pursuant to subsection (c)— (A)  under which the Administrator would make Federal financial assistance available for at least three consecutive fiscal years to covered urban areas; and 
 (B)  that would allow covered urban areas to transition to other sources funding for such covered homeland security capabilities. 
 
 (2)  Requirements relating to uasi funds .— The proposal required under paragraph (1) shall contain the following: (A)  A prohibition on a covered urban area that receives Federal financial assistance described in paragraph (1)(A) during a fiscal year from also receiving funds under the UASI during such fiscal year. 
 (B)  A requirement for a covered urban area to submit to the Administrator notice of whether such covered urban area would elect to receive— (i)  Federal financial assistance under paragraph (1)(A); or 
 (ii)  funding under the UASI. 
 
 
 (3)  Analysis .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  An analysis of whether providing additional Federal financial assistance, as described in paragraph (1)(A), would allow covered urban areas to preserve covered homeland security capabilities on a long-term basis. 
 (B)  An analysis of whether legislative changes to the UASI are necessary to ensure urban areas receiving funds under the UASI are able to preserve covered homeland security capabilities on a long-term basis. 136 STAT. 3621 
 
 (4)  Other contents of proposal .— The proposal required under paragraph (1) shall— (A)  Criteria. set forth eligibility criteria for covered urban areas to receive Federal assistance described in paragraph (1)(A); 
 (B)  identify annual funding levels that would be required to provide such Federal assistance, in accordance with the survey required under subsection (c); and 
 (C)  consider a range of approaches to make such Federal assistance available to covered urban areas, including— (i)  modifications to the UASI in a manner that would not affect the availability of funding to urban areas under the UASI; 
 (ii)  the establishment of a competitive grant program; 
 (iii)  the establishment of a formula grant program; and 
 (iv)  Timeline. a timeline for the implementation of any such approach and, if necessary, a legislative proposal to authorize any such approach. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Time period. Survey .— In developing the proposal required under subsection (b), the Administrator shall, to ascertain the scope of Federal financial assistance required, survey the following: (1)  Urban areas that did not receive grant funding under the UASI during the current fiscal year concerning covered homeland security capabilities that are at risk of being reduced or eliminated without additional Federal financial assistance. 
 (2)  Urban areas that received grant funding under the UASI during the current fiscal year, but did not receive such funding during at least one fiscal year of the seven fiscal years immediately preceding the current fiscal year. 
 (3)  Any other urban areas the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (d)  Determination. Exemption .— The Secretary may exempt the Administrator from the requirements of  subchapter I of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code  (commonly referred to as the “Paperwork Reduction Act”), for purposes of carrying out subsection (c) if the Secretary determines that complying with such requirements would delay the development of the proposal required under subsection (b). 
 (e)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in this section may be construed as directing or authorizing the Administrator to implement the proposal required under subsection (b).