SEC. 707.  STUDY ON PROVIDING BENEFITS UNDER TRICARE RESERVE SELECT AND TRICARE DENTAL PROGRAM TO MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RESERVE AND DEPENDENTS THEREOF. (a)  Study .— The Secretary of Defense may conduct a study on the feasibility, potential cost effects to the budget of the Department of Defense, changes in out-of-pocket costs to beneficiaries, and effects on other Federal programs of expanding eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Select and the TRICARE dental program to include all members of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve of a reserve component of the Armed Forces, the dependents thereof, and the non-dependent children thereof under the age of 26. 
 (b)  Assessments. Specifications .— If the Secretary conducts the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include in the study an assessment of the following: (1)  Cost-shifting to the Department of Defense to support the expansion of TRICARE Reserve Select and the TRICARE dental program from— 136 STAT. 2653 
 (A)  health benefit plans under  chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code ; 
 (B)  employer-sponsored health insurance; 
 (C)  private health insurance; 
 (D)  insurance under a State health care exchange; and 
 (E)  the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act ( 42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq. ). 
 
 (2)  New costs for the Department of Defense to enroll in TRICARE Reserve Select and the TRICARE dental program members of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve of a reserve component of the Armed Forces who were previously uninsured. 
 (3)  The resources needed to implement TRICARE Reserve Select and the TRICARE dental program for all such members, the dependents thereof, and the non-dependent children thereof under the age of 26. 
 (4)  Cost-savings, if any, resulting from the expansion of TRICARE Reserve Select and the TRICARE dental program with regard to increased training days performed in support of mass medical events during battle assemblies of the reserve components, including an assessment of the impact of such expansion on— (A)  medical readiness; 
 (B)  overall deployability rates; 
 (C)  deployability timelines; 
 (D)  fallout rates at mobilization sites; 
 (E)  cross-leveling of members of the reserve components to backfill medical fallouts at mobilization sites; and 
 (F)  any other readiness metrics affected by such expansion. 
 
 (5)  Any effect of such expansion on recruitment and retention of members of the Armed Forces, including members of the Ready Reserve of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
 (6)  Cost-savings, if any, in contracts that implement the Reserve Health Readiness Program of the Department of Defense. 
 
 (c)  Assessment. Determination of Cost Effects .— If the Secretary conducts the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include in such study an assessment of the potential cost effects to the budget of the Department of Defense for scenarios of expanded eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Select and the TRICARE dental program as follows: (1)  Premium free for members of the Selected Reserve of the Ready Reserve of a reserve component of the Armed Forces, the dependents thereof, and the non-dependent children thereof under the age of 26. 
 (2)  Premium free for such members and subsidized premiums for such dependents and non-dependent children. 
 (3)  Subsidized premiums for such members, dependents, and non-dependent children. 
 
 (d)  Use of a Federally Funded Research and Development Center . Contracts. — The Secretary may enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center the Secretary determines is qualified and appropriate to conduct the study under subsection (a). 136 STAT. 2654 
 (e)  Briefing; Report .— (1)  Deadline. Briefing .— If the Secretary conducts the study under subsection (a), not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the methodology and approach of the study. 
 (2)  Report .— If the Secretary conducts the study under subsection (a), not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study. 
 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ TRICARE dental program ” means dental benefits under  section 1076a of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  The term “ TRICARE Reserve Select ” means health benefits under section 1076d of such title.