SEC. 745.  KYLE MULLEN NAVY SEAL MEDICAL TRAINING REVIEW. (a)  Review .— The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a comprehensive review of the medical training for health care professionals furnishing medical care to individuals undergoing Navy Sea, Air, and Land (SEAL) training, the quality assurance mechanisms in place with respect to such care, and the efforts to mitigate health stress of individuals undergoing such training. 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The review under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  A review of the policies for improved medical care of individuals undergoing Navy SEAL training and quality assurance with respect to such care. 
 (2)  A review of sleep deprivation practices implemented with respect to Navy SEAL training, including an identification of when such practices were initially implemented and how frequently such practices are updated. 
 (3)  An assessment of the policies and rules relating to the use of performance enhancing drugs by individuals undergoing Navy SEAL training. 
 (4)  An assessment of the oversight of health care professionals (including enlisted and officer medical personnel, civilian employees of the Department of Defense, and contractors of the Department) with respect to the provision by such professionals of health care services to individuals undergoing Navy SEAL training. 
 (5)  Time period. A review and assessment of deaths, occurring during the twenty-year period preceding the date of the review, of individuals who were undergoing Navy SEAL training at the time of death. 
 (6)  A review of ongoing efforts and initiatives to ensure the safety of individuals undergoing Navy SEAL training and to prevent the occurrence of long-term injury, illness, and death among such individuals. 
 (7)  An assessment of the role of nutrition in Navy SEAL training. 
 
 (c)  Interim Briefing .— Not later than March 1, 2023, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on how the Inspector General plans to conduct the review under subsection (a), including with respect to each element specified in subsection (b). 
 (d)  Recommenda- tions. Final Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a final report on the completion of the review under subsection (a), including recommendations of the Inspector General developed as a result of such review. 136 STAT. 2687