SEC. 7131.  49 USC 44901 note . TSA REACHING ACROSS NATIONALITIES, SOCIETIES, AND LANGUAGES TO ADVANCE TRAVELER EDUCATION. (a)  Deadline. Plan. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a plan to ensure that TSA material disseminated in major airports can be better understood by more people accessing such airports. 
 (b)  Contents .— The plan required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An identification of the most common languages other than English that are the primary languages of individuals that travel through or work in each major airport. 
 (2)  A plan to improve— (A)  TSA materials to communicate information in languages identified pursuant to paragraph (1); and 
 (B)  the communication of TSA material to individuals with vision or hearing impairments or other possible barriers to understanding such material. 
 
 
 (c)  Considerations .— In developing the plan required under subsection (a), the Administrator of the TSA, acting through the Office of Civil Rights and Liberties, Ombudsman, and Traveler Engagement of the TSA, shall take into consideration data regarding the following: (1)  International enplanements. 
 (2)  Local populations surrounding major airports. 
 (3)  Languages spoken by members of Indian Tribes within each service area population in which a major airport is located. 
 
 (d)  Deadline. Implementation .— Not later than 180 days after the submission of the plan required under subsection (a), the Administrator of the TSA, in consultation with the owner or operator of each major airport, shall implement such plan. 
 (e)  Deadline. GAO Review .— Not later than one year after the implementation pursuant to subsection (d) of the plan required under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a review of such implementation. 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Airport .— The term “ airport ” has the meaning given such term in  section 40102 of title 49, United States Code . 
 (2)  Indian tribe .— The term “ Indian Tribe ” has the meaning given the term “ Indian tribe ” in section 102 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 ( 25 U.S.C. 5130 ), individually identified (including parenthetically) in the list published most recently as of the date of the enactment of this Act pursuant to section 104 of that Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5131 ). 
 (3)  Major airports .— The term “ major airports ” means Category X and Category I airports. 136 STAT. 3645 
 (4)  Non-traveling individual .— The term “ non-traveling individual ” has the meaning given such term in  section 1560.3 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations . 
 (5)  TSA material .— The term “ TSA material ” means signs, videos, audio messages, websites, press releases, social media postings, and other communications published and disseminated by the Administrator of the TSA in Category X and Category I airports for use by both traveling and non-traveling individuals.