SEC. 8351.  MISSOURI RIVER INTERCEPTION-REARING COMPLEXES. (a)  In General .— Notwithstanding section 129 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 134 Stat. 2643 ), and subject to subsection (b), the Secretary is authorized to carry out the construction of an interception-rearing complex at each of Plowboy Bend A (River Mile: 174.5 to 173.2) and Pelican Bend B (River Mile: 15.8 to 13.4) on the Missouri River. 
 (b)  Analysis and Mitigation of Risk .— (1)  Analysis .— Prior to construction of the interception-rearing complexes under subsection (a), the Secretary shall perform an analysis to identify whether the interception-rearing complexes will— (A)  contribute to an increased risk of flooding to adjacent lands and properties, including local levees; 
 (B)  affect the navigation channel, including crossflows, velocity, channel depth, and channel width; 
 (C)  affect the harvesting of sand; 
 (D)  affect ports and harbors; or 
 (E)  contribute to bank erosion on adjacent private lands. 
 
 (2)  Mitigation .— The Secretary may not construct an interception-rearing complex under subsection (a) until the Secretary successfully mitigates any effects described in paragraph (1) with respect to such interception-rearing complex. 136 STAT. 3799 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than 1 year after completion of the construction of the interception-rearing complexes under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report describing the extent to which the construction of such interception-rearing complexes affected the population recovery of pallid sturgeon in the Missouri River. 
 (d)  Conforming Amendment .— Section 129(b) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 134 Stat. 2643 )  is amended  by  redesignating  paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively, and  inserting  after paragraph (1) the following: “(2)  submits the report required by section 318(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2022;” 
 .