SEC. 8106.  33 USC 22282g . SCOPE OF FEASIBILITY STUDIES. (a)  Flood Risk Management or Hurricane and Storm Damage Risk Reduction .— In carrying out a feasibility study for a project for flood risk management or hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, the Secretary, at the request of the non-Federal interest for the study, shall formulate alternatives to maximize the net benefits from the reduction of the comprehensive flood risk within the geographic scope of the study from the isolated and compound effects of— (1)  a riverine discharge of any magnitude or frequency; 
 (2)  inundation, wave attack, and erosion coinciding with a hurricane or coastal storm; 
 (3)  flooding associated with tidally influenced portions of rivers, bays, and estuaries that are hydrologically connected to the coastal water body; 
 (4)  a rainfall event of any magnitude or frequency; 
 (5)  a tide of any magnitude or frequency; 
 (6)  seasonal variation in water levels; 
 (7)  groundwater emergence; 
 (8)  sea level rise; 
 (9)  subsidence; or 
 (10)  any other driver of flood risk affecting the area within the geographic scope of the study. 
 
 (b)  Water Supply, Water Conservation, and Drought Risk Reduction .— In carrying out a feasibility study for any purpose,  136 STAT. 3700 
the Secretary, at the request of the non-Federal interest for the study, shall formulate alternatives— (1)  to maximize combined net benefits for the primary purpose of the study and for the purposes of water supply or water conservation (including the use of water supply conservation measures described in section 1116 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 ( 130 Stat. 1639 )); or 
 (2)  Determination. to include 1 or more measures for the purposes of water supply or water conservation if the Secretary determines that such measures may reduce potential adverse impacts of extreme weather events, including drought, on water resources within the geographic scope of the study. 
 
 (c)  Cost Sharing .— All costs to carry out a feasibility study in accordance with this section shall be shared in accordance with the cost share requirements otherwise applicable to the study.