SEC. 8117.  33 USC 2281b . CORPS OF ENGINEERS SUPPORT FOR UNDERSERVED COMMUNITIES; OUTREACH. (a)  In General .— It is the policy of the United States for the Corps of Engineers to strive to understand and accommodate and, in coordination with non-Federal interests, seek to address the water resources development needs of all communities in the United States. 
 (b)  Outreach and Access .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary shall, at Federal expense, develop, support, and implement public awareness, education, and regular outreach and engagement efforts for potential non-Federal interests with respect to the water resources development authorities of the Secretary, with particular emphasis on— (A)  technical service programs, including the authorities under— (i)  section 206 of the Flood Control Act of 1960 ( 33 U.S.C. 709a ); 
 (ii)  section 22 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974 ( 42 U.S.C. 1962d–16 ); and 
 (iii)  section 203 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 ( 33 U.S.C. 2269 ); and 136 STAT. 3710 
 
 (B)  continuing authority programs, as such term is defined in section 7001(c)(1)(D) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 ( 33 U.S.C. 2282d ). 
 
 (2)  Implementation .— In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary shall— (A)  Public information. Web posting. develop and make publicly available (including on a publicly available website), technical assistance materials, guidance, and other information with respect to the water resources development authorities of the Secretary; 
 (B)  Public information. Web posting. establish and make publicly available (including on a publicly available website), an appropriate point of contact at each district and division office of the Corps of Engineers for inquiries from potential non-Federal interests relating to the water resources development authorities of the Secretary; 
 (C)  conduct regular outreach and engagement, including through hosting seminars and community information sessions, with local elected officials, community organizations, and previous and potential non-Federal interests, on opportunities to address local water resources challenges through the water resources development authorities of the Secretary; 
 (D)  Guidance. issue guidance for, and provide technical assistance through technical service programs to, non-Federal interests to assist such interests in pursuing technical services and developing proposals for water resources development projects; and 
 (E)  provide, at the request of a non-Federal interest, assistance with researching and identifying existing project authorizations or authorities to address local water resources challenges. 
 
 (3)  Prioritization .— In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, prioritize awareness, education, and outreach and engagement to economically disadvantaged communities (as defined by the Secretary under section 160 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 33 U.S.C. 2201 note )), including economically disadvantaged communities located in urban and rural areas. 
 (4)  Authorization of appropriations .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $30,000,000 for each fiscal year.