SEC. 804.  REVISION OF AUTHORITY FOR PROCEDURES TO ALLOW RAPID ACQUISITION AND DEPLOYMENT OF CAPABILITIES NEEDED UNDER SPECIFIED HIGH-PRIORITY CIRCUMSTANCES. (a)  Revision and Codification of Rapid Acquisition Authority .— Chapter 253 of part V of  title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows: “CHAPTER 253— 10 USC prec. 3601. RAPID ACQUISITION PROCEDURES 
 
 “Sec. 
 
 
 “3601.  
 Procedures for urgent acquisition and deployment of capabilities needed in response to urgent operational needs or vital national security interest. 
 
 “§ 3601. 10 USC 3601 .  Procedures for urgent acquisition and deployment of capabilities needed in response to urgent operational needs or vital national security interest “(a)  Procedures .— “(1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe procedures for the urgent acquisition and deployment of capabilities needed in response to urgent operational needs. The capabilities for which such procedures may be used in response to an urgent operational need are those— “(A)  that, subject to such exceptions as the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of this section— “(i)  Time period. can be fielded within a period of two to 24 months; 
 “(ii)  do not require substantial development effort; 
 “(iii)  are based on technologies that are proven and available; and 
 “(iv)  can appropriately be acquired under fixed-price contracts; or 
 
 “(B)  that can be developed or procured under a section 804 rapid acquisition pathway. 136 STAT. 2697 
 
 “(2)  Definition .— In this section, the term ‘ section 804 rapid acquisition pathway ’ means the rapid fielding acquisition pathway or the rapid prototyping acquisition pathway authorized under section 804 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ;  10 U.S.C. 3201  prec.). 
 
 “(b)  Matters to Be Included .— The procedures prescribed under subsection (a) shall include the following: “(1)  A process for streamlined communications between the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the acquisition community, and the research and development community, including— “(A)  a process for the commanders of the combatant commands and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to communicate their needs to the acquisition community and the research and development community; and 
 “(B)  a process for the acquisition community and the research and development community to propose capabilities that meet the needs communicated by the combatant commands and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
 
 “(2)  Procedures for demonstrating, rapidly acquiring, and deploying a capability proposed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), including— “(A)  a process for demonstrating and evaluating for current operational purposes the performance of the capability; 
 “(B)  a process for developing an acquisition and funding strategy for the deployment of the capability; and 
 “(C)  a process for making deployment and utilization determinations based on information obtained pursuant to subparagraphs (A) and (B). 
 
 “(3)  A process to determine the disposition of a capability, including termination (demilitarization or disposal), continued sustainment, or transition to a program of record. 
 “(4)  Specific procedures in accordance with the guidance developed under section 804(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ;  10 U.S.C. 3201  prec.). 
 
 “(c)  Response to Combat Emergencies and Certain Urgent Operational Needs .— “(1)  Determination of need for urgent acquisition and deployment .— (A)  In the case of any capability that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense, is urgently needed to eliminate a documented deficiency that has resulted in combat casualties, or is likely to result in combat casualties, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the urgent acquisition and deployment of the needed capability. 
 “(B)  In the case of any capability that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense, is urgently needed to eliminate a documented deficiency that impacts an ongoing or anticipated contingency operation and that, if left unfulfilled, could potentially result in loss of life or critical mission failure, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the urgent acquisition and deployment of the needed capability. 136 STAT. 2698 
 “(C) (i)  In the case of any cyber capability that, as determined in writing by the Secretary of Defense, is urgently needed to eliminate a deficiency that as the result of a cyber attack has resulted in critical mission failure, the loss of life, property destruction, or economic effects, or if left unfilled is likely to result in critical mission failure, the loss of life, property destruction, or economic effects, the Secretary may use the procedures developed under this section in order to accomplish the urgent acquisition and deployment of the needed offensive or defensive cyber capability. 
 “(ii)  Definition. In this subparagraph, the term ‘ cyber attack ’ means a deliberate action to alter, disrupt, deceive, degrade, or destroy computer systems or networks or the information or programs resident in or transiting these systems or networks. 
 
 
 “(2)  Designation of senior official responsible .— (A) (i)  Except as Deadline.  provided under clause (ii), whenever the Secretary of Defense makes a determination under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) that a capability is urgently needed to eliminate a deficiency described in that subparagraph, the Secretary shall designate a senior official of the Department of Defense to ensure that the needed capability is acquired and deployed as quickly as possible, with a goal of awarding a contract for the acquisition of the capability within 15 days. 
 “(ii)  Clause (i) does not apply to an acquisition initiated in the case of a determination by the Secretary of Defense that funds are necessary to immediately initiate a project under a section 804 rapid acquisition pathway if the designated official for acquisitions using such pathway is a service acquisition executive. 
 
 “(B)  Waiver authority. Upon designation of a senior official under subparagraph (A) with respect to a needed capability, the Secretary shall authorize that senior official to waive any provision of law or regulation described in subsection (d) that such senior official determines in writing would unnecessarily impede the urgent acquisition and deployment of such  Requirement. capability. In a case in which such capability cannot be acquired without an extensive delay, the senior official shall require that an interim solution be implemented and deployed using the procedures developed under this section to minimize adverse consequences resulting from the urgent need. 
 
 “(3)  Determination. Use of funds .— (A)  Subject to subparagraph (C), in any fiscal year in which the Secretary of Defense makes a determination described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) with respect to a capability, or upon the Secretary making a determination that funds are necessary to immediately initiate a project under a section 804 rapid acquisition pathway based on a compelling national security need, the Secretary may use any funds available to the Department of Defense to urgently acquire and deploy such capability or immediately initiate such project, respectively, if the determination includes a written finding that the use of such funds is necessary to address in a timely manner the deficiency documented or identified under such subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) or the compelling national security need identified for purposes of such section 804 pathway, respectively. 
 “(B)  The authority provided by this section may only be used to acquire capability— 136 STAT. 2699 “(i)  in the case of determinations by the Secretary under paragraph (1)(A), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year; 
 “(ii)  in the case of determinations by the Secretary under paragraph (1)(B), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year; 
 “(iii)  in the case of determinations by the Secretary under paragraph (1)(C), in an amount aggregating not more than $200,000,000 during any fiscal year; and 
 “(iv)  in the case of a determination by the Secretary that funds are necessary to immediately initiate a project under a section 804 rapid acquisition pathway, in an amount aggregating not more than $50,000,000 during any fiscal year. 
 
 “(C)  In exercising the authority under this section— “(i)  none of the amounts appropriated for Operation and Maintenance may be used to carry out this section except for amounts appropriated for— “(I)  Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide; 
 “(II)  Operation and Maintenance, Army; 
 “(III)  Operation and Maintenance, Navy; 
 “(IV)  Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps; 
 “(V)  Operation and Maintenance, Air Force; or 
 “(VI)  Operation and Maintenance, Space Force; and 
 
 “(ii)  Time period. when funds are utilized for sustainment purposes, this authority may not be used for more than 2 years. 
 
 
 “(4)  Notification to congressional defense committees .— (A)  Deadlines. In the case of a determination by the Secretary of Defense under subparagraph (A) or (C) of paragraph (1), the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of the determination within 15 days after the date of the determination. 
 “(B)  In the case of a determination by the Secretary under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of the determination at least 10 days before the date on which the determination is effective. 
 “(C)  In the case of a determination by the Secretary under paragraph (3)(A) that funds are necessary to immediately initiate a project under a section 804 rapid acquisition pathway, the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of the determination within 10 days after the date of the use of such funds. 
 “(D)  A notice under this paragraph shall include the following: “(i)  Identification of the capability to be acquired. 
 “(ii)  The amount anticipated to be expended for the acquisition. 
 “(iii)  The source of funds for the acquisition. 
 
 “(E)  A notice under this paragraph shall fulfill any requirement to provide notification to Congress for a program (referred to as a ‘new start program’) that has not previously been specifically authorized by law or for which funds have not previously been appropriated. 
 “(F)  A notice under this paragraph shall be provided in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 136 STAT. 2700 
 
 “(5)  Limitation on officers with authority .— The authority to make determinations under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (1) and under paragraph (3)(A) that funds are necessary to immediately initiate a project under a section 804 rapid acquisition pathway, to designate a senior official responsible under paragraph (3), and to provide notification to the congressional defense committees under paragraph (4) may be exercised only by the Secretary of Defense or the Deputy Secretary of Defense. 
 
 “(d)  Authority to Waive Certain Laws and Regulations .— “(1)  Authority .— Following a determination described in subsection (c)(1), the senior official designated in accordance with subsection (c)(2), with respect to that designation, may waive any provision of law or regulation addressing— “(A)  the establishment of a requirement or specification for the capability to be acquired; 
 “(B)  the research, development, test, and evaluation of the capability to be acquired; 
 “(C)  the production, fielding, and sustainment of the capability to be acquired; or 
 “(D)  the solicitation, selection of sources, and award of the contracts for procurement of the capability to be acquired. 
 
 “(2)  Limitations .— Nothing in this subsection authorizes the waiver of— “(A)  the requirements of this section; 
 “(B)  any provision of law imposing civil or criminal penalties; or 
 “(C)  any provision of law governing the proper expenditure of appropriated funds. 
 
 
 “(e)  Operational Assessments .— “(1)  In general .— The process prescribed under subsection (b)(2)(A) for demonstrating and evaluating for current operational purposes the performance of a capability proposed pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(B) shall include the following: “(A)  Procedures. An operational assessment in accordance with procedures prescribed by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation. 
 “(B)  Requirement. A requirement to provide information about any deficiency of the capability in meeting the original requirements for the capability (as stated in a statement of the urgent operational need or similar document) to the deployment decision-making authority. 
 
 “(2)  Limitation .— The process prescribed under subsection (b)(2)(A) may not include a requirement for any deficiency of capability identified in the operational assessment to be the determining factor in deciding whether to deploy the capability. 
 “(3)  Director of operational test and evaluation access .— If a capability is deployed  Records. Data. under the procedures prescribed pursuant to this section, or under any other authority, before operational test and evaluation of the capability is completed, the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation shall have access to operational records and data relevant to such capability in accordance with section 139(e)(3) of this title for the purpose of completing operational test and evaluation of the capability.  Determination. Such access shall be provided in a time and  136 STAT. 2701 
manner determined by the Secretary of Defense consistent with requirements of operational security and other relevant operational requirements.” 
 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of chapters at the beginning of subtitle A, and at the beginning of part V of subtitle A, of  title 10, United States Code , 10 USC prec. 101, 3001.  are each amended by  striking  the item relating to chapter 253 and  inserting  the following: 
 
 “253.  
 Rapid Acquisition Procedures 
 3601”. 
 
 
 (c)  Conforming Repeals .— The following provisions of law are  repealed : (1)  Section 804 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 ( Public Law 111–383 ;  10 U.S.C. 3201 note  prec.). 
 (2)  Section 806 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 ( Public Law 107–314 ;  10 U.S.C. 3201 note  prec.). 
 
 (d)  Additional Conforming Amendments .— (1)  Section 2216a(c) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  striking  “ section 804(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 ( 10 U.S.C. 2302 note ) ” and  inserting  “ Department of Defense Instruction 5000.81 (or any successor instruction), dated December 31, 2019, and titled ‘Urgent Capability Acquisition’  ”. 
 (2)  Section 8074 of title VIII of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2022 ( division C of Public Law 117–103 ;  136 Stat. 193 ) 10 USC note prec. 3201.   is amended  by  striking  “ under section 806(c)(4) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 ( 10 U.S.C. 2302 note ) ” and  inserting  “ under  section 3601(c)(4) of title 10, United States Code , ”. 
 (3)  Section 851(f) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. “Buck” McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( Public Law 113–291 ;  10 U.S.C 3201 note  prec.)  is amended  by  striking  “ under section 806 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 ( Public Law 107–314 ;  10 U.S.C. 2302 note ) ” and  inserting  “ under  section 3601 of title 10, United States Code ”. 
 (4)  Section 231(c)(1)(A) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 ( Public Law 109–364 ;  10 U.S.C. 139 note )  is amended  by  striking  “ section 806 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 ( 10 U.S.C. 2302 note ) ” and  inserting  “ section 3601 of title 10, United States Code ”.