SEC. 8110.  NATIONAL COASTAL MAPPING STUDY. (a)  In General .— The Secretary, acting through the Director of the Engineer Research and Development Center, is authorized to carry out a study of coastal geographic land changes, with recurring national coastal mapping technology, along the coastal zone of the United States to support Corps of Engineers missions. 
 (b)  Study .— In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall identify— (1)  new or advanced geospatial information and remote sensing tools for coastal mapping; 
 (2)  best practices for coastal change mapping; and 
 (3)  how to most effectively— (A)  collect and analyze such advanced geospatial information; 
 (B)  disseminate such geospatial information to relevant offices of the Corps of Engineers, other Federal agencies, States, Tribes, and local governments; and 
 (C)  make such geospatial information available to other stakeholders. 
 
 
 (c)  Demonstration Project .— (1)  North Carolina. Project area .— In carrying out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall carry out a demonstration project in the coastal region covering the North Carolina coastal waters, connected bays, estuaries, rivers, streams, and creeks, to their tidally influenced extent inland. 
 (2)  Scope .— In carrying out the demonstration project, the Secretary shall— (A)  identify and study potential hazards, such as debris, sedimentation, dredging effects, and flood areas; 
 (B)  identify best practices described in subsection (b)(2), including best practices relating to geographical coverage and frequency of mapping; 136 STAT. 3703 
 (C)  Evaluation. evaluate and demonstrate relevant mapping technologies to identify which are the most effective for regional mapping of the transitional areas between the open coast and inland waters; and 
 (D)  demonstrate remote sensing tools for coastal mapping. 
 
 
 (d)  Coordination .— In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall coordinate with other Federal and State agencies that are responsible for authoritative data and academic institutions and other entities with relevant expertise. 
 (e)  Panel .— (1)  Establishment .— In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall establish a panel of senior leaders from the Corps of Engineers and other Federal agencies that are stakeholders in the coastal mapping program carried out through the Engineer Research and Development Center. 
 (2)  Duties .— The panel established under this subsection shall— (A)  coordinate the collection of data under the study carried out under this section; 
 (B)  coordinate the use of geospatial information and remote sensing tools, and the application of the best practices identified under the study, by Federal agencies; and 
 (C)  identify technical topics and challenges that require multiagency collaborative research and development. 
 
 
 (f)  Use of Existing Information .— In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall consider any relevant information developed under section 516(g) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 ( 33 U.S.C. 2326b(g) ). 
 (g)  Report .— Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that describes— (1)  the results of the study carried out under this section; and 
 (2)  any geographical areas recommended for additional study. 
 
 (h)  Authorization of Appropriations .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $25,000,000, to remain available until expended.