SEC. 874.  Deadlines. 10 USC 4901 note . SMALL BUSINESS INTEGRATION WORKING GROUP. (a)  Charter. In General .— Not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue a charter to establish a small business integration working group that— (1)  ensures the integration and synchronization of the activities of the military departments and other components of the Department of Defense with respect to small business concerns; and 
 (2)  Time period. convenes not fewer than four times per year. 
 
 (b)  Membership .— The small business integration working group chartered under subsection (a) shall be comprised of representatives from each of the following organizations: (1)  The small business office of each military department. 
 (2)  The Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program (as such terms are defined in section 9(e) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 638(e) )) of each military department. 
 (3)  The office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. 
 (4)  The office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. 
 (5)  Any other office the Secretary of Defense determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Briefing Required .— Not later than March 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on the establishment and activities of the small business integration working group chartered under subsection (a), the policies enacted by the small business integration working group to allow for the sharing of best practices for maximizing the contributions of small business concerns in the defense industrial base and in acquisitions by the Department of Defense, and practices for conducting oversight of the activities of the military departments and other components of the Department of Defense with respect to small business concerns. 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: 136 STAT. 2742 (1)  Military department .— The term “ military department ” has the meaning given such term in  section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  Small business concern .— The term “ small business concern ” has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 632 ).