SEC. 8134.  33 USC 2348a . NEPA REPORTING. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Categorical exclusion .— The term “ categorical exclusion ” has the meaning given the term in  section 1508.1 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations  (or a successor regulation). 
 (2)  Environmental assessment .— The term “ environmental assessment ” has the meaning given the term in  section 1508.1 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations  (or a successor regulation). 
 (3)  Environmental impact statement .— The term “ environmental impact statement ” means a detailed written statement required under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C) ). 
 (4)  Finding of no significant impact .— The term “ finding of no significant impact ” has the meaning given the term in  section 1508.1 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations  (or a successor regulation). 
 (5)  Project study .— The term “ project study ” means a feasibility study for a project carried out pursuant to section 905 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 ( 33 U.S.C. 2282 ) for which a categorical exclusion may apply, or an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement is required, pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 ( 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq. ). 
 
 (b)  Reports .— (1)  NEPA data .— (A)  In general .— The Secretary shall carry out a process to track, and annually submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a report containing the information described in subparagraph (B). 136 STAT. 3722 
 (B)  Information described .— The information referred to in subparagraph (A) is, with respect to the Corps of Engineers— (i)  the number of project studies for which a categorical exclusion was used during the reporting period; 
 (ii)  the number of project studies for which the decision to use a categorical exclusion, to prepare an environmental assessment, or to prepare an environmental impact statement is pending on the date on which the report is submitted; 
 (iii)  the number of project studies for which an environmental assessment was issued during the reporting period, broken down by whether a finding of no significant impact, if applicable, was based on mitigation; 
 (iv)  the length of time the Corps of Engineers took to complete each environmental assessment described in clause (iii); 
 (v)  the number of project studies pending on the date on which the report is submitted for which an environmental assessment is being drafted; 
 (vi)  the number of project studies for which an environmental impact statement was issued during the reporting period; 
 (vii)  the length of time the Corps of Engineers took to complete each environmental impact statement described in clause (vi); and 
 (viii)  the number of project studies pending on the date on which the report is submitted for which an environmental impact statement is being drafted. 
 
 
 (2)  Web posting. Public access to nepa reports .— The Secretary shall make each annual report required under paragraph (1) publicly available (including on a publicly available website).