SEC. 8130.  BENEFICIAL USE OF DREDGED MATERIAL; MANAGEMENT PLANS. (a)  Strategic Plan on Beneficial Use of Dredged Material .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a strategic plan that identifies opportunities and challenges relating to furthering the policy of the United States to maximize the beneficial use of suitable dredged material obtained from the construction or operation and maintenance of water resources development projects, as described in section 125(a)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 33 U.S.C. 2326g ). 
 (2)  Consultation .— In developing the strategic plan under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A)  consult with relevant Federal agencies involved in the beneficial use of dredged material; 136 STAT. 3718 
 (B)  solicit and consider input from State and local governments and Indian Tribes, while seeking to ensure a geographic diversity of input from the various Corps of Engineers divisions; and 
 (C)  consider input received from other stakeholders involved in beneficial use of dredged material. 
 
 (3)  Inclusion .— The Secretary shall include in the strategic plan developed under paragraph (1)— (A)  Determination. Recommenda- tions. identification of any specific barriers and conflicts that the Secretary determines impede the maximization of beneficial use of dredged material at the Federal, State, and local level, and any recommendations of the Secretary to address such barriers and conflicts; 
 (B)  identification of specific measures to improve interagency and Federal, State, local, and Tribal communications and coordination to improve implementation of section 125(a) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 33 U.S.C. 2326g ); and 
 (C)  identification of methods to prioritize the use of dredged material to benefit water resources development projects in areas experiencing vulnerabilities to coastal land loss. 
 
 
 (b)  Dredged Material Management Plans for Harbors in the State of Ohio .— (1)  In general .— (A)  Formulation of plan .— In developing each dredged material management plan for a federally authorized harbor in the State of Ohio, including any such plan under development on the date of enactment of this Act, each District Commander shall include, as a constraint on the formulation of the base plan and any alternatives, a prohibition consistent with section 105 of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2022 ( Public Law 117–103 ;  136 Stat. 217 ) on the use of funds for open-lake disposal of dredged material. 
 (B)  Maximization of beneficial use .— Each dredged material management plan for a federally authorized harbor in the State of Ohio, including any such dredged material management plan under development on the date of enactment of this Act, shall maximize the beneficial use of dredged material under the base plan and under section 204(d) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 ( 33 U.S.C. 2326(d) ). 
 
 (2)  Savings provision .— Nothing in this subsection prohibits the use of funds for open-lake disposal of dredged material if such use is not otherwise prohibited by law.