SEC. 8151.  MATERIALS, SERVICES, AND FUNDS FOR REPAIR, RESTORATION, OR REHABILITATION OF CERTAIN PUBLIC RECREATION FACILITIES. (a)  Authorization .— During a period of low water at an eligible public recreation facility, the Secretary is authorized to— (1)  accept and use materials, services, and funds from a non-Federal interest to repair, restore, or rehabilitate the facility; and 
 (2)  Reimbursement. reimburse the non-Federal interest for the Federal share of the materials, services, or funds. 
 
 (b)  Requirement .— The Secretary may not reimburse a non-Federal interest for the use of materials or services accepted under this section unless the materials or services— (1)  meet the specifications of the Secretary; and 
 (2)  Compliance. comply with all applicable laws and regulations that would apply if the materials and services were acquired by the Secretary, including subchapter IV of chapter 31 and  chapter 37 of title 40, United States Code , and  section 8302 of title 41, United States Code . 
 
 (c)  Contracts. Agreement .— Before the acceptance of materials, services, or funds under this section, the Secretary and the non-Federal interest shall enter into an agreement that— (1)  specifies that the non-Federal interest shall hold and save the United States free from liability for any and all damages that arise from use of materials or services of the non-Federal interest, except for damages due to the fault or negligence of the United States or its contractors; 
 (2)  Requirement. Certification. Compliance. requires that the non-Federal interest certify that the materials or services comply with the applicable laws and regulations described in subsection (b)(2); and 
 (3)  includes any other term or condition required by the Secretary. 
 
 (d)  Sunset .— The authority to enter into an agreement under this section shall expire on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
 (e)  Definition of Eligible Public Recreation Facility .— In this section, the term “ eligible public recreation facility ” means a facility that— (1)  is located— (A)  at a reservoir operated by the Corps of Engineers; and 
 (B)  in the Upper Missouri River Basin; 
 
 (2)  was constructed to enable public use of and access to the reservoir; and 
 (3)  requires repair, restoration, or rehabilitation to function. 
 
 (f)  Authorization of Appropriations .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out subsection (a)(2) $20,000,000, to remain available until expended.