SEC. 8204.  CORPS OF ENGINEERS RESERVOIR SEDIMENTATION ASSESSMENT. (a)  In General .— The Secretary, at Federal expense, shall conduct an assessment of sediment in reservoirs owned and operated by the Secretary. 
 (b)  Contents .— For each reservoir for which the Secretary carries out an assessment under subsection (a), the Secretary shall include in the assessment— (1)  Estimate. an estimation of the volume of sediment in the reservoir; 
 (2)  Evaluations. an evaluation of the effects of such sediment on reservoir storage capacity, including a quantification of lost reservoir storage capacity due to the sediment and an evaluation of how such lost reservoir storage capacity affects the allocated storage space for authorized purposes within the reservoir (including, where applicable, allocations for dead storage, inactive storage, active conservation, joint use, and flood surcharge); 
 (3)  the identification of any additional effects of sediment on the operations of the reservoir or the ability of the reservoir to meet its authorized purposes; 
 (4)  Time period. Effective date. the identification of any potential effects of the sediment over the 10-year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act on the areas immediately upstream and downstream of the reservoir; 
 (5)  Plans. the identification of any existing sediment monitoring and management plans associated with the reservoir; 
 (6)  Plans. for any reservoir that does not have a sediment monitoring and management plan— (A)  an identification of whether a sediment management plan for the reservoir is under development; or 
 (B)  an assessment of whether a sediment management plan for the reservoir would be useful in the long-term operation and maintenance of the reservoir for its authorized purposes; and 
 
 (7)  any opportunities for beneficial use of the sediment in the vicinity of the reservoir. 
 
 (c)  Web posting. Report to Congress; Public Availability .— Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and make publicly available (including on a publicly available website), a report describing the results of the assessment carried out under subsection (a). 
 (d)  Authorization of Appropriations .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000, to remain available until expended.