SEC. 8201.  State listing. AUTHORIZATION OF PROPOSED FEASIBILITY STUDIES. (a)  New Projects .— The Secretary is authorized to conduct a feasibility study for the following projects for water resources development and conservation and other purposes, as identified in the reports titled “Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development” submitted to Congress pursuant to section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 ( 33 U.S.C. 2282d ) or otherwise reviewed by Congress: (1)  Dudleyville, arizona .— Project for flood risk management, Dudleyville, Arizona. 
 (2)  Mcmicken dam, arizona .— Project for flood risk management, McMicken Dam, Arizona. 
 (3)  Conn creek dam, california .— Project for flood risk management, Conn Creek Dam, California. 
 (4)  City of huntington beach, california .— Project for hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, including sea level  136 STAT. 3745 
rise, and shoreline stabilization, City of Huntington Beach, California. 
 (5)  Napa river, california .— Project for navigation, Federal Channel of Napa River, California. 
 (6)  Petaluma river wetlands, california .— Project for ecosystem restoration, City of Petaluma, California. 
 (7)  City of rialto, california .— Project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management, City of Rialto and vicinity, California. 
 (8)  North richmond, california .— Project for hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, including sea level rise, and ecosystem restoration, North Richmond, California. 
 (9)  Stratford, connecticut .— Project for hurricane and storm damage risk reduction and flood risk management, Stratford, Connecticut. 
 (10)  Thatchbed island, connecticut .— Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Thatchbed Island, Essex, Connecticut. 
 (11)  Woodbridge, connecticut .— Project for flood risk management, Woodbridge, Connecticut. 
 (12)  Federal triangle area, washington, district of columbia .— Project for flood risk management, Federal Triangle Area, Washington, District of Columbia, including construction of improvements to interior drainage. 
 (13)  Potomac and anacostia rivers, washington, district of columbia .— Project for recreational access, including enclosed swimming areas, Potomac and Anacostia Rivers, District of Columbia. 
 (14)  Washington metropolitan area, washington, district of columbia, maryland, and virginia .— Project for water supply, including the identification of a secondary water source and additional water storage capability for the Washington Metropolitan Area, Washington, District of Columbia, Maryland, and Virginia. 
 (15)  Town of longboat key, florida .— Project for whole island hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, Town of Longboat Key, Florida. 
 (16)  Lake runnymede, florida .— Project for ecosystem restoration, Lake Runnymede, Florida. 
 (17)  Tampa back bay, florida .— Project for flood risk management and hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, including the use of natural features and nature-based features for protection and recreation, Tampa Back Bay, Florida. 
 (18)  Port tampa bay and mckay bay, florida .— Project for hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, Port Tampa Bay, Florida, including McKay Bay. 
 (19)  Lake tohopekaliga, florida .— Project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management, Lake Tohopekaliga, Florida. 
 (20)  City of albany, georgia .— Project for flood risk management, City of Albany, Georgia. 
 (21)  City of east point, georgia .— Project for flood risk management, City of East Point, Georgia. 
 (22)  Cumberland island and sea island, georgia .— Project for ecosystem restoration and coastal storm risk management, Cumberland Island and Sea Island, Georgia. 136 STAT. 3746 
 (23)  Flint river basin headwaters, clayton county, georgia .— Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Flint River Basin Headwaters, Clayton County, Georgia. 
 (24)  County of hawai‘i, hawaii .— Project for flood and coastal storm risk management, County of Hawai‘i, Hawaii. 
 (25)  Maui, hawaii .— Project for coastal storm risk management, County of Maui, Hawaii. 
 (26)  Waiki̅ki̅, hawaii .— Project for ecosystem restoration and hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, Waiki̅ki̅, Hawaii. 
 (27)  Wailupe stream watershed, hawaii .— Project for flood risk management, Wailupe Stream watershed, Hawaii. 
 (28)  Columbus, kentucky .— Project for flood risk management, including riverbank stabilization, Columbus, Kentucky. 
 (29)  Cumberland river, kentucky .— Project for navigation, Cumberland River, Kentucky. 
 (30)  Jenkins, kentucky .— Project for flood risk management and water supply, Jenkins, Kentucky. 
 (31)  Kentucky river, kentucky .— Project for flood risk management on the Kentucky River and its tributaries and watersheds in Breathitt, Clay, Estill, Harlan, Lee, Leslie, Letcher, Owsley, Perry, and Wolfe Counties, Kentucky. 
 (32)  Newport, kentucky .— Project for ecosystem restoration, flood risk management, and recreation, Newport, Kentucky. 
 (33)  Ellicott city and howard county, maryland .— Project for flood risk management, Ellicott City and Howard County, Maryland. 
 (34)  Assawompset pond complex, massachusetts .— Project for ecosystem restoration, flood risk management, and water supply, Assawompset Pond Complex, Massachusetts. 
 (35)  Charles river, massachusetts .— Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Charles River, Massachusetts. 
 (36)  Chelsea creek and mill creek, massachusetts .— Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, including bank stabilization, City of Chelsea, Massachusetts. 
 (37)  Connecticut river streambank erosion, massachusetts, vermont, and new hampshire .— Project for streambank erosion, Connecticut River, Massachusetts, Vermont, and New Hampshire. 
 (38)  Deerfield river, massachusetts .— Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Deerfield River, Massachusetts. 
 (39)  Town of north attleborough, massachusetts .— Project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management, Ten Mile River, North Attleborough, Massachusetts. 
 (40)  Town of hull, massachusetts .— Project for flood risk management and hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, Hull, Massachusetts. 
 (41)  City of revere, massachusetts .— Project for flood risk management and marsh ecosystem restoration, City of Revere, Massachusetts. 
 (42)  Lower east side, detroit, michigan .— Project for flood risk management, Lower East Side, Detroit, Michigan. 136 STAT. 3747 
 (43)  Elijah root dam, michigan .— Project for dam removal, by carrying out a disposition study under section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 ( 33 U.S.C. 549a ), Elijah Root Dam, Michigan. 
 (44)  Grosse pointe shores and grosse pointe farms, michigan .— Project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management, Grosse Pointe Shores and Grosse Pointe Farms, Michigan. 
 (45)  Southeast michigan, michigan .— Project for flood risk management, Southeast Michigan. 
 (46)  Tittabawassee river, chippewa river, pine river, and tobacco river, michigan .— Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Tittabawassee River, Chippewa River, Pine River, and Tobacco River, Michigan. 
 (47)  Southwest mississippi, mississippi .— Project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management, Wilkinson, Adams, Warren, Claiborne, Franklin, Amite, and Jefferson Counties, Mississippi. 
 (48)  Bellevue, nebraska .— Project for flood risk management, Bellevue, Nebraska, including the placement of a pump station near Offutt Ditch. 
 (49)  Papillion creek, nebraska .— Project for flood risk management, including levee improvement, Papillion Creek, Nebraska. 
 (50)  Sarpy county, nebraska .— Project for flood risk management, Sarpy County, Nebraska. 
 (51)  Camden and gloucester county, new jersey .— Project for tidal and riverine flood risk management, Camden and Gloucester Counties, New Jersey. 
 (52)  Edgewater, new jersey .— Project for flood risk management, Edgewater, New Jersey. 
 (53)  Maurice river, new jersey .— Project for navigation and for beneficial use of dredged materials for hurricane and storm damage risk reduction and ecosystem restoration, Maurice River, New Jersey. 
 (54)  Northern new jersey inland flooding, new jersey .— Project for inland flood risk management in Hudson, Essex, Union, Bergen, Hunterdon, Morris, Somerset, Warren, Passaic, and Sussex Counties, New Jersey. 
 (55)  Riser ditch, new jersey .— Project for flood risk management, including channel improvements, and other related water resource needs related to Riser Ditch in the communities of South Hackensack, Hasbrouck Heights, Little Ferry, Teterboro, and Moonachie, New Jersey. 
 (56)  Rockaway river, new jersey .— Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, including bank stabilization, Rockaway River, New Jersey. 
 (57)  Tenakill brook, new jersey .— Project for flood risk management, Tenakill Brook, New Jersey. 
 (58)  Verona, cedar grove, and west caldwell, new jersey .— Project for flood risk management along the Peckman River Basin in the townships of Verona (and surrounding area), Cedar Grove, and West Caldwell, New Jersey. 
 (59)  Whippany river watershed, new jersey .— Project for flood risk management, Morris County, New Jersey. 
 (60)  Lake farmington dam, new mexico .— Project for water supply, Lake Farmington Dam, New Mexico. 136 STAT. 3748 
 (61)  Mcclure dam, new mexico .— Project for dam safety improvements and flood risk management, McClure Dam, City of Santa Fe, New Mexico. 
 (62)  Blind brook, new york .— Project for flood risk management, coastal storm risk management, navigation, ecosystem restoration, and water supply, Blind Brook, New York. 
 (63)  Brooklyn navy yard, new york .— Project for flood risk management and hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, Brooklyn Navy Yard, New York. 
 (64)  Connetquot river and green creek, new york .— Project for navigation, Connetquot River and Green Creek, Suffolk County, New York. 
 (65)  Hutchinson river, new york .— Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Hutchinson River, New York. 
 (66)  Mohawk river basin, new york .— Project for flood risk management, navigation, and environmental restoration, Mohawk River Basin, New York. 
 (67)  Newtown creek, new york .— Project for ecosystem restoration, Newtown Creek, New York. 
 (68)  John j. burns park, oyster bay, new york .— Project for flood risk management and hurricane and storm risk reduction, Oyster Bay, New York, in the vicinity of John J. Burns Park, Massapequa, New York, including the replacement and reconstruction of the existing bulkhead system. 
 (69)  Joseph j. saladino memorial marina, oyster bay, new york .— Project for flood risk management and hurricane and storm risk reduction, Oyster Bay, New York, in the vicinity of the Joseph J. Saladino Memorial Marina, Massapequa, New York, including the replacement and reconstruction of the existing bulkhead system. 
 (70)  Saw mill river, new york .— Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration to address areas in the City of Yonkers and the Village of Hastings-on-Hudson within the 100-year flood zone, Saw Mill River, New York. 
 (71)  South shore of long island, new york .— Project for flood and coastal storm risk management, navigation, and ecosystem restoration, South Shore of Long Island, New York. 
 (72)  Upper east river and flushing bay, new york .— Project for ecosystem restoration, Upper East River and Flushing Bay, New York. 
 (73)  Cape fear river basin, north carolina .— Project for flood and coastal storm risk management, Cape Fear River Basin, North Carolina. 
 (74)  Oregon inlet, north carolina .— Project for navigation, Oregon Inlet, North Carolina. 
 (75)  Mineral ridge dam, ohio .— Project for dam safety improvements and rehabilitation, Mineral Ridge Dam, Ohio. 
 (76)  Mill creek levee and walla walla river, oregon .— Project for ecosystem restoration, Mill Creek Levee and Walla Walla River, Oregon. 
 (77)  Brodhead creek watershed, pennsylvania .— Project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management, Brodhead Creek Watershed, Pennsylvania. 
 (78)  Chartiers creek watershed, pennsylvania .— Project for flood risk management, Chartiers Creek Watershed, Pennsylvania. 136 STAT. 3749 
 (79)  Coplay creek, pennsylvania .— Project for flood risk management, Coplay Creek, Pennsylvania. 
 (80)  Berkeley county, south carolina .— Project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management, Berkeley County, South Carolina. 
 (81)  Big sioux river, south dakota .— Project for flood risk management, City of Watertown and vicinity, South Dakota. 
 (82)  El paso county, texas .— Project for flood risk management for economically disadvantaged communities, as defined by the Secretary under section 160 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 33 U.S.C. 2201 note ), along the United States-Mexico border, El Paso County, Texas. 
 (83)  Gulf intracoastal waterway-channel to palacios, texas .— Project for navigation, Gulf Intracoastal Waterway-Channel to Palacios, Texas. 
 (84)  Hidalgo and cameron counties, texas .— Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, the Resacas, Hidalgo and Cameron Counties, Texas. 
 (85)  Sikes lake, texas .— Project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management, Sikes Lake, Texas. 
 (86)  Southwest border region, texas .— Project for flood risk management for economically disadvantaged communities, as defined by the Secretary under section 160 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 33 U.S.C. 2201 note ), along the United States-Mexico border in Webb, Zapata, and Starr Counties, Texas. 
 (87)  Lower clear creek and dickinson bayou, texas .— Project for flood risk management, Lower Clear Creek and Dickinson Bayou, Texas. 
 (88)  Great salt lake, utah .— Project for ecosystem restoration and water supply, Great Salt Lake, Utah. 
 (89)  Cedar island, virginia .— Project for ecosystem restoration, hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, and navigation, Cedar Island, Virginia. 
 (90)  Ballinger creek, washington .— Project for ecosystem restoration, City of Shoreline, Washington. 
 (91)  City of north bend, washington .— Project for water supply, City of North Bend, Washington. 
 (92)  Taneum creek, washington .— Project for ecosystem restoration, Taneum Creek, Washington. 
 (93)  City of huntington, west virginia .— Project for flood risk management, Huntington, West Virginia. 
 (94)  Fox-wolf basin, wisconsin .— Project for flood risk management and water supply, Fox-Wolf Basin, Wisconsin. 
 
 (b)  Project Modifications .— The Secretary is authorized to conduct a feasibility study for the following project modifications: (1)  Craighead, poinsett, and cross counties, arkansas .— Modifications to the project for flood protection and major drainage improvement in the Saint Francis River Basin, Missouri and Arkansas, authorized by section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 ( 64 Stat. 172 ), to provide flood risk management for the tributaries and drainage of Straight Slough, Craighead, Poinsett, and Cross Counties, Arkansas. 
 (2)  Shingle creek and kissimmee river, florida .— Modifications to the project for ecosystem restoration and water  136 STAT. 3750 
storage, Shingle Creek and Kissimmee River, Florida, authorized by section 201(a)(5) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 134 Stat. 2670 ), for flood risk management. 
 (3)  Jacksonville harbor, florida .— Modifications to the project for navigation, Jacksonville Harbor, Florida, authorized by section 7002 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 ( 128 Stat. 1364 ), for outer channel improvements. 
 (4)  Savannah harbor, georgia .— Modifications to the project for navigation, Savannah Harbor Expansion Project, Georgia, authorized by section 7002(1) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 ( 128 Stat. 1364 ;  132 Stat. 3839 ), without evaluation of additional deepening. 
 (5)  Honolulu harbor, hawaii .— Modifications to the project for navigation, Honolulu Harbor, Hawaii, for navigation improvements and coastal storm risk management, authorized by the first section of the Act of March 3, 1905 (chapter 1482,  33 Stat. 1146 ). 
 (6)  Cedar river, cedar rapids, iowa .— Modifications to the project for flood risk management, Cedar River, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, authorized by section 7002(2) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 ( 128 Stat. 1366 ), consistent with the City of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, Cedar River Flood Control System Master Plan. 
 (7)  South haven harbor, michigan .— Modifications to the project for navigation, South Haven Harbor, Michigan, for turning basin improvements, authorized by the first section of the Act of August 11, 1888 (chapter 860,  25 Stat. 406 ). 
 (8)  Salem river, salem county, new jersey .— Modifications to the project for navigation, Salem River, Salem County, New Jersey, authorized by section 1 of the Act of March 2, 1907 (chapter 2509,  34 Stat. 1080 ), to increase the authorized depth. 
 (9)  Port of ogdensburg, new york .— Modifications to the project for navigation, Port of Ogdensburg, New York, including deepening, authorized by the first section of the Act of June 25, 1910 (chapter 382,  36 Stat. 635 ). 
 (10)  Rollinson channel and hatteras inlet to hatteras, north carolina .— Modifications to the project for navigation, Rollinson Channel and channel from Hatteras Inlet to Hatteras, North Carolina, authorized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962 ( 76 Stat. 1174 ), to incorporate the ocean bar. 
 (11)  Hiram m. chittenden locks, lake washington ship canal, washington .— Modifications to the Hiram M. Chittenden Locks (also known as Ballard Locks), Lake Washington Ship Canal, Washington, authorized by the Act of June 25, 1910 (chapter 382,  36 Stat. 666 ), for the construction of fish ladder improvements, including efforts to address elevated temperature and low dissolved oxygen levels in the Canal. 
 (12)  Huntington, west virginia .— Modifications to the Huntington Local Protection Project, Huntington, West Virginia. 
 
 (c)  Continuations. Special Rules .— (1)  Wailupe stream watershed, hawaii .— The study authorized by subsection (a)(27) shall be considered a resumption and a continuation of the general reevaluation initiated  136 STAT. 3751 
on December 30, 2003, pursuant to section 209 of the Flood Control Act ( 76 Stat. 1197 ). 
 (2)  Bellevue and papillion creek, nebraska .— The studies authorized by paragraphs (48) and (49) of subsection (a) shall be considered a continuation of the study that resulted in the Chief’s Report for the project for Papillion Creek and Tributaries Lakes, Nebraska, signed January 24, 2022. 
 (3)  South shore of long island, new york .— In carrying out the study authorized by subsection (a)(71), the Secretary shall study the South Shore of Long Island, New York, as a whole system, including inlets that are Federal channels. 
 (4)  Project modifications .— Each study authorized by subsection (b) shall be considered a new phase investigation and afforded the same treatment as a general reevaluation.