SEC. 842.  MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN PROTOTYPE PROJECTS.    Section 4022 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a)(2)— (A)  by  striking  “ , and any follow-on production contract or transaction that is awarded pursuant to subsection (f), ” both places it appears; 
 (B)  in subparagraph (A)(ii), by  striking  “ ; and ” and  inserting  a semicolon; 
 (C)  in subparagraph (B)(ii), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (D)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraph: 136 STAT. 2718 
 “(C)  may be exercised for a transaction for a follow-on production contract or transaction that is awarded pursuant to subsection (f) and expected to cost the Department of Defense in excess of $100,000,000 (including all options) only if a covered official— “(i)  Determination. determines in writing that— “(I)  Requirements. the requirements of subsection (d) will be met; and 
 “(II)  the use of the authority of this section is essential to meet critical national security objectives; and 
 
 “(ii)  Notification. notifies the congressional defense committees in writing of the determinations required under clause (i) at the time such authority is exercised.” 
 
 ; 
 
 (2)  in subsection (e)— (A)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (4), respectively; 
 (B)  Definitions. by  inserting  before paragraph (2), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), the following new paragraph: “(1)  The term ‘ covered official ’ means— “(A)  a service acquisition executive; 
 “(B)  the Director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency; 
 “(C)  the Director of the Missile Defense Agency; 
 “(D)  the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment; or 
 “(E)  the Undersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.” 
 
 ; and 
 (C)  by  inserting  after paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph: “(3)  The term ‘ service acquisition executive ’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of this title.” 
 ; and 
 
 (3)  in subsection (f)(2), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ of section 2304 of this title, ” and  inserting  the following: “ of chapter 221 of this title and even if explicit notification was not listed within the request for proposal for the transaction ”.