SEC. 8154.  TEMPORARY RELOCATION ASSISTANCE PILOT PROGRAM. (a)  Deadline. Evaluation. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a pilot program to evaluate the extent to which the provision of temporary relocation assistance enhances the completeness, effectiveness, efficiency, acceptability, and equitable implementation of covered water resources development projects. 
 (b)  Assistance Authorized .— Subject to subsection (c)— (1)  the non-Federal interest for a covered water resources development project included in the pilot program established under this section may provide temporary relocation assistance to a temporarily displaced person; and 
 (2)  the Secretary shall, pursuant to a project partnership agreement— (A)  include the temporary relocation assistance provided by the non-Federal interest for a covered water resources development project under paragraph (1) in the  136 STAT. 3735 
value of the land, easements, and rights-of-way required for the project; and 
 (B)  credit the amount of the temporary relocation assistance provided by the non-Federal interest for the covered water resources development project under paragraph (1) toward the non-Federal share of the cost of the project. 
 
 
 (c)  Requirements .— (1)  Request of non-federal interest .— At the request of the non-Federal interest for a covered water resources development project, the Secretary may include the project in the pilot program established under this section. 
 (2)  Duplication of benefits .— The Secretary and the non-Federal interest for a covered water resources development project included in the pilot program established under this section shall ensure that no temporarily displaced person receives temporary relocation assistance under this section for expenses for which the temporarily displaced person has received financial assistance from any insurance, other program, or any other governmental source. 
 (3)  Equal treatment .— The non-Federal interest for a covered water resources development project included in the pilot program established under this section shall provide temporary relocation assistance to each temporarily displaced person on equal terms. 
 (4)  Maximum amount of credit .— The Secretary shall not include in the value of the land, easements, and rights-of-way required for a covered water resources development project, or credit toward the non-Federal share of the cost of the project, any amount paid to individuals of a single household by the non-Federal interest for the project under subsection (b) that exceeds $20,000. 
 
 (d)  Recommenda- tions. Report to Congress .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes findings and recommendations of the Secretary with respect to the provision of temporary relocation assistance for covered water resources development projects included in the pilot program established under this section. 
 (e)  Sunset .— The authority to enter into or amend a project partnership agreement for a covered water resources development project under the pilot program established under this section shall expire on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
 (f)  Savings Provision .— Nothing in this section affects the eligibility for, or entitlement to, relocation assistance under the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 ( 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq. ) for any individual. 
 (g)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Covered water resources development project .— The term “ covered water resources development project ” means the following projects: (A)  Project for hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, Charleston Peninsula, Coastal Storm Risk Management, South Carolina, authorized by this Act. 136 STAT. 3736 
 (B)  Project for hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, Fire Island Inlet to Montauk Point, New York, authorized by section 401(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 134 Stat. 2738 ). 
 (C)  Project for hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, Rahway River Basin, New Jersey, authorized by section 401(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 134 Stat. 2737 ). 
 (D)  Project for flood risk management, Peckman River Basin, New Jersey, authorized by section 401(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2020 ( 134 Stat. 2735 ). 
 (E)  Project for hurricane and storm damage reduction, New Jersey Back Bays, Cape May, Ocean, Atlantic, Monmouth, and Burlington Counties, authorized by resolutions of the Committee on Public Works and Transportation of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, approved in December 1987, under study on the date of enactment of this Act. 
 
 (2)  Dwelling .— The term “ dwelling ” means— (A)  a single-family house; 
 (B)  a single-family unit in a two-family, multifamily, or multipurpose property; 
 (C)  a unit of a condominium or cooperative housing project; 
 (D)  a mobile home; or 
 (E)  any other residential unit. 
 
 (3)  Household .— The term “ household ” means 1 or more individuals occupying a single dwelling. 
 (4)  Temporarily displaced person .— The term “ temporarily displaced person ” means an individual who is— (A)  required to temporarily move from a dwelling that is the primary residence of the individual as a direct result of the elevation or modification of the dwelling by the Secretary or a non-Federal interest as part of a covered water resources development project; and 
 (B)  not otherwise entitled to temporary relocation assistance under the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 ( 42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq. ). 
 
 (5)  Temporary relocation assistance .— The term “ temporary relocation assistance ” means assistance that covers all or any portion of the documented reasonable living expenses, excluding food and personal transportation, incurred by a temporarily displaced person during a period of displacement.