SEC. 8215.  NORTHERN ESTUARIES ECOSYSTEM RESTORATION, FLORIDA. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Central and southern florida project .— The term “ Central and Southern Florida Project ” has the meaning given that term in section 601 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000. 
 (2)  Northern estuaries .— The term “ northern estuaries ” means the Caloosahatchee Estuary, Charlotte Harbor, Indian River Lagoon, Lake Worth Lagoon, and St. Lucie River Estuary. 
 (3)  South florida ecosystem .— (A)  In general .— The term “ South Florida ecosystem ” means the area consisting of the land and water within the boundary of the South Florida Water Management District in effect on July 1, 1999. 
 (B)  Inclusions .— The term “ South Florida ecosystem ” includes— (i)  the Everglades; 
 (ii)  the Florida Keys; 
 (iii)  the contiguous near-shore coastal water of South Florida; and 
 (iv)  Florida’s Coral Reef. 
 
 
 (4)  Study area .— The term “ study area ” means all lands and waters within— (A)  the northern estuaries; 
 (B)  the South Florida ecosystem; and 136 STAT. 3760 
 (C)  the study area boundaries of the Indian River Lagoon National Estuary Program and the Coastal and Heartland Estuary Partnership, authorized pursuant to section 320 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act ( 33 U.S.C. 1330 ). 
 
 
 (b)  Proposed Comprehensive Plan .— (1)  Development .— The Secretary shall develop, in cooperation with the non-Federal sponsors of the Central and Southern Florida project and any relevant Federal, State, and Tribal agencies, a proposed comprehensive plan for the purpose of restoring, preserving, and protecting the northern estuaries. 
 (2)  Inclusions .— In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary shall develop a proposed comprehensive plan that provides for ecosystem restoration within the northern estuaries, including the elimination of harmful discharges from Lake Okeechobee. 
 (3)  Submission .— Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress for approval— (A)  the proposed comprehensive plan developed under this subsection; and 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. recommendations for future feasibility studies within the study area for the ecosystem restoration of the northern estuaries. 
 
 (4)  Interim reports .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the submission of the proposed comprehensive plan under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall submit to Congress an interim report on the development of the proposed comprehensive plan. 
 (5)  Additional studies and analyses .— Notwithstanding the submission of the proposed comprehensive plan under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall continue to conduct such studies and analyses after the date of such submission as are necessary for the purpose of restoring, preserving, and protecting the northern estuaries. 
 
 (c)  Limitation .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to require the alteration or amendment of the schedule for completion of the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan.