SEC. 9209.  Deadlines. Notifications. 22 USC 3921 note . CURTAILMENTS, REMOVALS FROM POST, AND WAIVERS OF PRIVILEGES AND IMMUNITIES. (a)  Curtailments Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees regarding curtailments of Department personnel from overseas posts. 
 (2)  Time periods. Contents .— The Secretary shall include in the report required under paragraph (1)— (A)  relevant information about any post that, during the 6-month period preceding the report— (i)  had more than 5 curtailments; or 
 (ii)  had curtailments representing more than 5 percent of Department personnel at such post; and 
 
 (B)  for each post referred to in subparagraph (A), the number of curtailments, disaggregated by month of occurrence. 
 (C)  Additional contents for initial report .— The initial report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall identify— (i)  the number of curtailments at the Deputy Chief of Mission or Principal Officer level for each of the previous 5 years; and 
 (ii)  to the extent practicable— (I)  the number of such curtailments that were voluntary and the number of such curtailments that were involuntary; and 
 (II)  the number of those curtailed who left the service within 1 year after such curtailment. 
 
 
 
 
 (b)  Removal of Diplomats .— Not later than 20 days after the date on which any United States personnel under Chief of Mission authority is declared persona non grata by a host government, the Secretary shall— (1)  notify the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives of such declaration; and 
 (2)  include with such notification— (A)  the official reason for such declaration (if provided by the host government); 
 (B)  the date of the declaration; and 
 (C)  whether the Department responded by declaring a host government’s diplomat in the United States persona non grata. 
 
 
 (c)  Waiver of Privileges and Immunities .— Not later than 15 days after any waiver of privileges and immunities pursuant to the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, done at Vienna April 18, 1961, that is applicable to an entire diplomatic post or to the majority of United States personnel under Chief of Mission authority, the Secretary shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of such waiver and the reason for such waiver. 136 STAT. 3874 
 (d)  Termination .— This section shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.