SEC. 9603.  REPORT ON PUBLIC DIPLOMACY.   Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— (1)  Evaluation. an evaluation of the May 2019 merger of the Bureau of Public Affairs and the Bureau of International Information Programs to form the Bureau of Global Public Affairs with respect to— 136 STAT. 3911 
 (A)  the efficacy of the current configuration of the bureaus reporting to the Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs in achieving the mission of the Department; 
 (B)  Data. Evaluations. the metrics before and after such merger, including personnel data, disaggregated by position and location, content production, opinion polling, program evaluations, and media appearances; 
 (C)  Survey. the results of a survey of public diplomacy practitioners to determine their opinion of the efficacy of such merger and any adjustments that still need to be made; and 
 (D)  Plans. Evaluation. Time period. Summary. a plan for evaluating and monitoring, not less frequently than once every 2 years, the programs, activities, messaging, professional development efforts, and structure of the Bureau of Global Public Affairs, and submitting a summary of each such evaluation to the appropriate congressional committees; and 
 
 (2)  Review. Recommenda- tions. a review of recent outside recommendations for modernizing diplomacy at the Department with respect to public diplomacy efforts, including— (A)  efforts in each of the bureaus reporting to the Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs to address issues of diversity and inclusion in their work, structure, data collection, programming, and personnel, including any collaboration with the Chief Diversity and Inclusion Officer; 
 (B)  Proposals. proposals to collaborate with think tanks and academic institutions working on public diplomacy issues to implement recent outside recommendations; and 
 (C)  additional authorizations and appropriations necessary to implement such recommendations.