SEC. 9604.  PROMOTING PEACE, EDUCATION, AND CULTURAL EXCHANGE THROUGH MUSIC DIPLOMACY. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  music is an important conveyer of culture and can be used to communicate values and build understanding between communities; 
 (2)  musical artists play a valuable role in cross-cultural exchange, and their works and performances can promote peacebuilding and conflict resolution efforts; 
 (3)  the music industry in the United States has made important contributions to American society and culture, and musicians and industry professionals in the United States can offer valuable expertise to young musical artists around the world; and 
 (4)  the United States Government should promote exchange programs, especially programs that leverage the expertise and resources of the private sector, that give young musical artists from around the world the chance— (A)  to improve their skills; 
 (B)  share ideas; 
 (C)  learn about American culture; and 
 (D)  develop the necessary skills to support conflict resolution and peacebuilding efforts in their communities and broader societies. 136 STAT. 3912 
 
 
 (b)  Authorization of Music-related Exchange Programs .— The Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq. ; commonly known as the Fulbright-Hays Act)  is amended — (1)  in section 102(a)(2) ( 22 U.S.C. 2452(a)(2) )— (A)  in clause (iii), by  inserting  “ and ” at the end; and 
 (B)  in clause (iv)— (i)  by  inserting  “ , including in coordination and consultation with the private sector, ” before “ similar ”; and 
 (ii)  by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 
 
 (2)  in section 112(a) ( 22 U.S.C. 2460(a) )— (A)  in paragraph (8), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (B)  in paragraph (9), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(10)  exchange programs, including in coordination and consultation with the private sector, focused on music and the performing arts that provide opportunities for foreign nationals and Americans to build cross-cultural understanding and advance peace abroad.” 
 . 
 
 
 (c)  22 USC 2460 note . Private Sector Partnerships .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary should continue— (A)  to partner with the private sector in support of music-related exchange programs implemented by the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs (referred to in this section as the “ECA”); 
 (B)  to leverage private sector expertise in developing and implementing such programs; and 
 (C)  to expand networking and mentorship opportunities for program participants. 
 
 (2)  Authorization of certain partnerships .— The Secretary is authorized to partner with the private sector to recognize musicians— (A)  whose works or performances have advanced peace abroad; and 
 (B)  who could contribute to networking and mentorship opportunities for participants of music-related exchange programs implemented by ECA. 
 
 
 (d)  Strategy .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a strategy to the appropriate congressional committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives for advancing United States foreign policy goals, including conflict resolution and peacebuilding efforts, through music-related exchange programs implemented by ECA. Plans.  Such strategy shall include— (A)  a description of clearly defined annual goals, targets, and planned outcomes for each music-related exchange program; 
 (B)  Evaluation. a plan to monitor and evaluate each music-related exchange program and progress made toward achieving such goals, targets, and planned outcomes, including measurable benchmarks; 136 STAT. 3913 
 (C)  a plan to ensure that music-related exchange programs are promoting United States foreign policy objectives, including ensuring such programs are clearly branded and paired with robust public diplomacy efforts; 
 (D)  a plan to pursue partnerships with the private sector while implementing music-related exchange programs, including leveraging industry expertise and expanding networking and mentorship opportunities for program participants; 
 (E)  examples of how ECA’s music-related exchange programs have contributed to conflict resolution and peacebuilding efforts to date, including through participant and alumni actions; 
 (F)  a description of lessons learned regarding how to better encourage conflict resolution and peacebuilding efforts through ECA’s music-related exchange programs; and 
 (G)  a plan to incorporate such lessons learned into relevant current and future programming. 
 
 (2)  Consultation .— In developing the strategy required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with the appropriate congressional committees and relevant private sector partners.