SEC. 918.  REPORT ON POTENTIAL TRANSITION OF ALL MEMBERS OF THE SPACE FORCE INTO A SINGLE COMPONENT. (a)  Report Required .— Not later than March 1, 2023, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the proposal of the Air Force to transition the Space Force into a single component (in this section referred to as the Space Component)— (1)  that consists of all members of the Space Force, without regard to whether such a member is, under laws in effect at the time of the report, in the active or reserve component of the Space Force; and 
 (2)  in which such members may transfer between duty statuses more freely than would otherwise be allowed under the laws in effect at the time of the report. 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Plan. A plan that describes any rules, regulations, policies, guidance, and statutory provisions that may be implemented to govern— (A)  the ability of a member of the Space Component to transfer between duty statuses, the number of members authorized to make such transfers, and the timing of such transfers; 
 (B)  the retirement of members of the Space Component, including the determination of a member’s eligibility for retirement and the calculation of the retirement benefits (including benefits under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs) to which the member would be entitled based on a career consisting of service in duty statuses of the Space Component; and 
 (C)  the composition and operation of promotion selection boards with respect to members of the Space Component, including the treatment of general officers by such boards. 
 
 (2)  Analysis. A comprehensive analysis of how such proposal may affect the ability of departments and agencies of the Federal Government (including departments and agencies outside the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs) to accurately calculate the pay or determine the benefits, including health care benefits under  chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code , to which a member or former member of the Space Component is entitled at any given time. 
 (3)  Draft legislative text, prepared by the Office of Legislative Counsel within the Office of the General Counsel of the Department of Defense, that comprehensively sets forth all amendments and modifications to Federal statutes needed to effectively implement the proposal described in subsection (a), including— (A)  amendments and modifications to titles 10, 37, and 38, United States Code; 
 (B)  amendments and modifications to Federal statutes outside of such titles; and 
 (C)  Analysis. an analysis of each provision of Federal statutory law that refers to the duty status of a member of an Armed Force, or whether such member is in an active or reserve component, and, for each such provision— 136 STAT. 2758 
 (i)  Determination. a written determination indicating whether such provision requires amendment or other modification to clarify its applicability to a member of the Space Component; and 
 (ii)  if such an amendment or modification is required, draft legislative text for such amendment or modification. 
 
 
 (4)  Assessment. An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of— (A)  exempting the proposed Space Component from the existing “up or out” system of officer career advancement first established by the amendments to  title 10, United States Code , made by the Defense Officer Personnel Management Act ( Public Law 96–513 ;  94 Stat. 2835 ); 
 (B)  combining active and reserve components in a new, single Space Component and whether a similar outcome could be achieved using the existing active and reserve component frameworks with modest statutory changes to allow reserve officers to serve on sustained active duty; and 
 (C)  creating career flexibility for reserve members of the Space Component, including in shifting retirement points earned from one year to the next and allowing members of the Space Component to move back and forth between active and reserve status for prolonged periods of time across a career. 
 
 (5)  Assessment. An assessment of the implications of the proposed reorganization of the Space Force on the development of space as a warfighting domain in the profession of arms, particularly with respect to officer leadership, development, and stewardship of the profession. 
 (6)  Determination. A determination of whether existing government ethics regulations are adequate to address potential conflicts of interest for Space Component officers who seek to move back and forth between sustained active duty and working for private sector organizations in the space industry as reserve officers in the Space Component. 
 (7)  Analyses. An analysis of the following: (A)  Whether the proposed Space Component framework is consistent with the joint service requirements of  chapter 38 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (B)  Budgetary implications of the establishment of the Space Component. 
 (C)  The nature of the relationship with private industry and civilian employers that would be required and consistent with professional ethics to successfully implement the Space Component. 
 (D)  The effect of establishing a Space Component on diversity and inclusion within the Space Force.