SEC. 9701.  22 USC  276c–6. SUPPORTING THE EMPLOYMENT OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS BY INTERNATIONAL ORGANIZATIONS. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  the Department should continue to eliminate the unreasonable barriers United States nationals face to obtain employment in the United Nations Secretariat, funds, programs, and agencies; and 
 (2)  the Department should bolster efforts to increase the number of qualified United States nationals who are candidates for leadership and oversight positions in the United Nations system, agencies, and commissions, and in other international organizations. 
 
 (b)  In General .— The Secretary is authorized to promote the employment and advancement of United States citizens by international organizations and bodies, including by— (1)  providing stipends, consultation, and analytical services to support United States citizen applicants; and 
 (2)  Grants. making grants for the purposes described in paragraph (1). 
 
 (c)  Using Diplomatic Programs Funding To Promote the Employment of United States Citizens by International Organizations .— Grants. Amounts appropriated under the heading “ Diplomatic Programs ” in Acts making appropriations for the Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs are authorized to be appropriated for grants, programs, and activities described in subsection (b). 
 (d)  Strategy to Establish Junior Professional Program .— (1)  Deadline. Publication. In general .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury and other relevant cabinet  136 STAT. 3914 
members, shall publish a strategy for encouraging United States citizens to pursue careers with international organizations, particularly organizations that— (A)  set international scientific, technical, or commercial standards; or 
 (B)  are involved in international finance and development. 
 
 (2)  Report to congress .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of the Treasury and other relevant cabinet members, shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that identifies— (A)  the number of United States citizens who are involved in relevant junior professional programs in an international organization; 
 (B)  the distribution of individuals described in subparagraph (A) among various international organizations; and 
 (C)  the types of pre-deployment training that are available to United States citizens through a junior professional program at an international organization.