SEC. 1111.  CONTINUING SUPPLEMENTAL DENTAL AND VISION BENEFITS AND LONG-TERM CARE INSURANCE COVERAGE DURING A GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN. (a)  In General .— Title 5, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in section 8956, by  adding  at the end the following: “(d)  Coverage under a dental benefits plan under this chapter for any employee or a covered TRICARE-eligible individual enrolled in such a plan and who, as a result of a lapse in appropriations, is furloughed or excepted from furlough and working without pay shall continue during such lapse and may not be cancelled as  133 STAT. 1601 
a result of nonpayment of premiums or other periodic charges due to such lapse.” 
 ; 
 (2)  in section 8986, by  adding  at the end the following: “(d)  Coverage under a vision benefits plan under this chapter for any employee or a covered TRICARE-eligible individual enrolled in such a plan and who, as a result of a lapse in appropriations, is furloughed or excepted from furlough and working without pay shall continue during such lapse and may not be cancelled as a result of nonpayment of premiums or other periodic charges due to such lapse.” 
 ; and 
 (3)  in section 9003, by  adding  at the end the following: “(e)  Effect of Government Shutdown .— Coverage under a master contract under this chapter for long-term care insurance for an employee or member of the uniformed services enrolled under such contract and who, due to a lapse in appropriations, is furloughed or excepted from furlough and working without pay shall continue during such lapse and may not be cancelled as a result of nonpayment of premiums or other periodic charges due to such lapse.” 
 . 
 
 (b)  5 USC 8956 note . Regulations .— (1)  In general .— Consistent with paragraph (2), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management shall prescribe regulations under which premiums for supplemental dental, supplemental vision, or long-term care insurance under chapter 89A, 89B, or 90 (respectively) of  title 5, United States Code , (as amended by subsection (a)) that are unpaid by an employee, a covered TRICARE-eligible individual, or a member of the uniformed services (as the case may be), as a result of that employee, covered TRICARE-eligible individual, or member being furloughed or excepted from furlough and working without pay as a result of a lapse in appropriations, are paid to the applicable carrier from back pay made available to the employee or member as soon as practicable upon the end of such lapse. 
 (2)  Long-term care premiums from source other than backpay .— The regulations promulgated under paragraph (1) for the amendments made by subsection (a)(3) may provide, with respect to any individual who elected under  section 9004(d) of title 5, United States Code , to pay premiums directly to the carrier, that such individual may continue to pay premiums pursuant to such election instead of from back pay made available to such individual. 
 
 (c)  5 USC 8956 note . Application .— The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to any contract for supplemental dental, supplemental vision, or long-term care insurance under chapter 89A, 89B, or 90 (respectively) of  title 5, United States Code , entered into before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act.