SEC. 1210A.  DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT FOR STABILIZATION ACTIVITIES IN NATIONAL SECURITY INTEREST OF THE UNITED STATES. (a)  Consultation. In General .— The Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, provide support for the stabilization activities of other Federal agencies specified in subsection (c)(1). 
 (b)  Designation of Foreign Areas .— (1)  In general .— Amounts authorized to be provided pursuant to this section shall be available only for support for stabilization activities— (A)  in a country specified in paragraph (2); and 
 (B)  that the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, has determined are in the national security interest of the United States. 133 STAT. 1627 
 
 (2)  Specified countries .— The countries specified in this paragraph are as follows: (A)  Iraq. 
 (B)  Syria. 
 (C)  Afghanistan. 
 (D)  Somalia. 
 
 
 (c)  Support to Other Agencies .— (1)  In general .— Support may be provided for stabilization activities under subsection (a) to the Department of State, the United States Agency for International Development, or other Federal agencies, on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis. The authority to provide such support under this paragraph on a reimbursable basis is in addition to other authorities to provide support on such basis. 
 (2)  Type of support .— Support under subsection (a) may consist of logistic support, supplies, and services. 
 
 (d)  Requirement for a Stabilization Strategy .— (1)  Time period. Reports. Limitation .— With respect to any country specified in subsection (b)(2), no amount of support may be provided under subsection (a) until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a detailed report setting forth a stabilization strategy for such country. 
 (2)  Elements of strategy .— The stabilization strategy required by paragraph (1) shall set forth the following: (A)  The United States interests in conducting stabilization activities in the country specified in subsection (b)(2). 
 (B)  The key foreign partners and actors in such country. 
 (C)  The desired end states and objectives of the United States stabilization activities in such country. 
 (D)  The Department of Defense support intended to be provided for the stabilization activities of other Federal agencies under subsection (a). 
 (E)  Any mechanism for civil-military coordination regarding support for stabilization activities. 
 (F)  The mechanisms for monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of Department of Defense support for United States stabilization activities in the area. 
 
 
 (e)  Implementation in Accordance With Guidance .— Support provided under subsection (a) shall be implemented in accordance with the guidance of the Department of Defense entitled “DoD Directive 3000.05 Stabilization”, dated December 13, 2018 (or successor guidance). 
 (f)  Report .— The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress on an annual basis a report that includes the following: (1)  The identification of each foreign area within countries specified in subsection (b)(2) for which support to stabilization has occurred. 
 (2)  The total amount spent by the Department of Defense, broken out by recipient Federal agency and activity. 
 (3)  Assessment. An assessment of the contribution of each activity toward greater stability. 133 STAT. 1628 
 (4)  An articulation of any plans for continued Department of Defense support to stabilization in the specified foreign area in order to maintain or improve stability. 
 (5)  Other matters as the Secretary of Defense considers to be appropriate. 
 
 (g)  Use of Funds .— (1)  Source of funds .— Amounts for activities carried out under this section in a fiscal year shall be derived only from amounts authorized to be appropriated for such fiscal year for the Department of Defense for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide. 
 (2)  Limitation .— Not more than $18,000,000 in each fiscal year is authorized to be used to provide nonreimbursable support under this section. 
 
 (h)  Expiration .— The authority provided under this section may not be exercised after December 31, 2020. 
 (i)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Logistic support, supplies, and services .— The term “ logistic support, supplies, and services ” has the meaning given the term in  section 2350(1) of title 10, United States Code .