SEC. 1626.  SURVEY AND REPORT ON ALIGNMENT OF INTELLIGENCE COLLECTIONS CAPABILITIES AND ACTIVITIES WITH DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REQUIREMENTS. (a)  Survey and Review .— (1)  Coordination. In general .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Director of National Intelligence, shall— (A)  review the organization, posture, current and planned investments, and processes of the intelligence collections capabilities and activities, for the purpose of assessing the sufficiency, integration, and interoperability of such capabilities and activities to support the current and future requirements of the Department of Defense; and 
 (B)  Assessment. conduct a survey of each geographic and functional combatant command, with respect to intelligence collections capabilities and activities, to assess— (i)  the current state of the support of such capabilities and activities to military operations; 133 STAT. 1738 
 (ii)  whether the posture of such capabilities and activities is sufficient to address the requirements of the Department of Defense; 
 (iii)  the extent to which such capabilities and activities address gaps and deficiencies with respect to the operational requirements of the Global Campaign Plans, as identified in the most recent readiness reviews conducted by the Joint Staff; and 
 (iv)  whether current and planned investments in such capabilities and activities are sufficient to address near-, mid-, and long-term spaceborne, airborne, terrestrial, and human collection capability requirements. 
 
 
 (2)  Elements .— The survey and review under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Assessment. A comprehensive assessment of intelligence collections capabilities and activities, and whether such capabilities and activities— (i)  are appropriately postured and sufficiently resourced to meet current and future requirements of the Department of Defense; 
 (ii)  are appropriately balanced to address operational and strategic defense intelligence requirements; and 
 (iii)  are sufficiently integrated and interoperable between activities of the Military Intelligence Program and the National Intelligence Program to respond to emerging requirements of the Department of Defense. 
 
 (B)  With respect to each geographic and functional combatant command— (i)  information on the gaps and deficiencies, by specific intelligence capability type, described in paragraph (1)(B)(iii); 
 (ii)  Time period. a review of the alignment of such gaps and deficiencies with the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance submissions to the integrated priorities list for the period beginning with the completion of the most recent readiness reviews conducted by the Joint Staff and ending on the date of the commencement of the survey and review under subsection (a); and 
 (iii)  detailed information on the allocation and realignment of intelligence collections capabilities and activities to address— (I)  such gaps and deficiencies; and 
 (II)  such intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance submissions. 
 
 
 
 
 (b)  Report .— (1)  Submission .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the findings of the Under Secretary with respect to the survey and review under subsection (a)(1). 
 (2)  Content .— The report under paragraph (1) shall include— (A)  Evaluation. an evaluation of— 133 STAT. 1739 
 (i)  the organization, posture, current and planned investments, and processes of the intelligence collections capabilities and activities, including the extent to which such capabilities and activities enable the geographic and functional combatant commands to meet the operational and strategic requirements of the Department of Defense; 
 (ii)  the use or planned use by each geographic and functional combatant command of intelligence collections capabilities and activities available to such command to address operational and strategic requirements of the Department of Defense; 
 (iii)  the gaps and deficiencies described in subsection (a)(1)(B)(iii), if any, that prohibit each geographic and functional combatant command from the most effective use of the intelligence collections capabilities and activities to address priority requirements of the Department of Defense; 
 (iv)  the accepted risk by the Secretary of Defense from the prioritization of certain Department of Defense requirements with respect to the allocation of intelligence collections capabilities and activities; and 
 (v)  the alignment and responsiveness of intelligence collections capabilities and activities with respect to the planning requirements for the Program of Analysis of each combat support agency that is part of— (I)  the Defense Intelligence Enterprise; and 
 (II)  the intelligence community; and 
 
 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. recommendations, if any, to improve the sufficiency, responsiveness, and interoperability of intelligence collections capabilities and activities to fulfill the operational and strategic requirements of the Department of Defense. 
 
 (3)  Form .— The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form without any designation relating to dissemination control, but may contain a classified annex. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the congressional defense committees; and 
 (B)  the congressional intelligence committees. 
 
 (2)  The term “ combat support agency ” has the meaning given that term in  section 193(f) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (3)  The term “ Defense Intelligence Enterprise ” has the meaning given that term in section 1633(c)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ;  130 Stat. 2600 ). 
 (4)  The term “ intelligence collections capabilities and activities ” means the totality of intelligence collections systems and processes which enable the tasking, processing, exploitation, and dissemination capabilities, capacity, and activities of the Defense Intelligence Enterprise. 
 (5)  The term “ intelligence community ” has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 ). 133 STAT. 1740 
 (6)  The term “ congressional intelligence committees ” has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 ).