SEC. 167.  OTHER REPORTS ON THE F–35 AIRCRAFT PROGRAM. (a)  Report on F–35 Reliability and Maintainability Metrics .— The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the reliability and maintainability metrics for the F–35 aircraft. The report shall include the following: (1)  Review. Assessment. The results of a review and assessment, conducted by the program office for the F–35 aircraft program, of the reliability and maintainability metrics for the aircraft as set forth in the most recent operational requirements document for the program. 
 (2)  Determination. A determination of whether the reliability and maintainability metrics for the aircraft, as set forth in the most recent operational requirements document for the program, are feasible and attainable, and what changes, if any, will be made to update the metrics. 
 (3)  Certification. A certification that the program office for the F–35 aircraft program has revised the reliability and maintainability improvement plan for the aircraft— (A)  to identify specific and measurable reliability and maintainability objectives in the improvement plan guidance; and 
 (B)  to identify and document which projects included in the improvement plan will achieve the objectives identified under subparagraph (A). 
 
 
 (b)  Report on F–35 Block 4 Upgrade and Continuous Capability Development and Delivery Program .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the F–35 Block 4 Upgrade and Continuous Capability Development and Delivery Program. The report shall include the following: (A)  Cost estimate. The results of the independent cost estimate for the Program conducted by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation. 
 (B)  Plan. An approved test and evaluation master plan that addresses the adequacy of testing resources, testing aircraft shortfalls, and testing funding. 
 (C)  Review. A review of the feasibility and schedule of the continuous capability development and delivery strategy for fielding technologies under the Program as conducted  133 STAT. 1251 
by the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. 
 
 (2)  F–35 block 4 defined .— In this subsection, the term “ F–35 Block 4 Upgrade and Continuous Capability Development and Delivery Program ” has the meaning given that term in section 166. 
 
 (c)  Report on F–35 Autonomic Logistics Information System .— The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the autonomic logistics information system of the F–35 aircraft. The report shall include a description of each of the following: (1)  All shortfalls, capability gaps, and deficiencies in the system that have been identified as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (2)  Requirements. The strategy and performance requirements that will be implemented to improve the system. 
 (3)  Implementation plan. Cost estimates. The strategy, implementation plan, schedule, and estimated costs of developing and fielding— (A)  the next generation of the system; or 
 (B)  future increments of the system. 
 
 
 (d)  F-35 Life-cycle Cost Estimates .— (1)  Joint cost estimate .— The Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy shall jointly develop a joint service cost estimate for the life-cycle costs of the F–35 aircraft program. 
 (2)  Independent cost estimate .— The Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall develop an independent cost estimate for the life-cycle costs of the F–35 aircraft program. 
 
 (e)  Deadline for Submittal .— The reports required under subsections (a) through (d) shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.