SEC. 131.  LIMITATION ON THE NEXT NEW CLASS OF NAVY LARGE SURFACE COMBATANTS. (a)  In General .— Milestone B approval may not be granted for the next new class of Navy large surface combatants unless the class of Navy large surface combatants incorporates prior to such approval— (1)  design changes identified during the full duration of the combat system ship qualification trials and operational test periods of the first Arleigh Burke-class destroyer in the Flight III configuration to complete such events; and 
 (2)  final results of test programs of engineering development models or prototypes for critical systems specified by the Senior Technical Authority pursuant to  section 8669b of title 10, United States Code , as added by section 1034 of this Act, in their final form, fit, and function and in a realistic environment, which shall include a land-based engineering site for the propulsion system. 
 
 (b)  Notification. Limitation .— The Secretary of the Navy may not release a detail design or construction request for proposals or obligate funds from the Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy account for the next new class of Navy large surface combatants until the class of Navy large surface combatants receives Milestone B approval and the milestone decision authority notifies the congressional defense committees, in writing, of the actions taken to comply with the requirements under subsection (a). 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: 133 STAT. 1238 (1)  The term “ Milestone B approval ” has the meaning given the term in  section 2366(e)(7) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  The term “ milestone decision authority ” means the official within the Department of Defense designated with the overall responsibility and authority for acquisition decisions for the program, including authority to approve entry of the program into the next phase of the acquisition process. 
 (3)  The term “ large surface combatants ” means Navy surface ships that are designed primarily to engage in attacks against airborne, surface, subsurface, and shore targets, excluding frigates and littoral combat ships.