SEC. 1047.  10 USC 113 note . INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT ON GENDER AND COUNTERING VIOLENT EXTREMISM. (a)  Consultation. Contracts. Research and development. Analysis. In General .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall seek to enter into a contract with a nonprofit entity or a federally funded research and development center independent of the Department of Defense and the Department of State to conduct research and analysis on the relationship between gender and violent extremism. 
 (b)  Elements .— The research and analysis conducted under subsection (a) shall include consideration of the following: (1)  The probable causes and historical trends of women’s participation in violent extremist organizations. 
 (2)  Potential ways in which women’s participation in violent extremism is likely to change in the near- and medium-term. 
 (3)  The relationship between violent extremism and each of the following: (A)  Gender-based violence, abduction, and human trafficking. 133 STAT. 1589 
 (B)  The perceived role or value of women at the community level, including with respect to property and inheritance rights and bride-price and dowry. 
 (C)  Community opinions of killing or harming of women. 
 (D)  Violations of girls’ rights, including child, early, and forced marriage and access to education. 
 
 (4)  Ways for the Department of Defense to engage and support women and girls who are vulnerable to extremist behavior and activities as a means to counter violent extremism and terrorism. 
 
 (c)  Utilization .— The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall utilize the results of the research and analysis conducted under subsection (a) to inform the strategic and operational objectives of the geographic combatant command, where appropriate. Such utilization shall be in accordance with the Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017 ( Public Law 115–68 ;  22 U.S.C. 2152j et seq. ). 
 (d)  Reports .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the nonprofit entity or federally funded research and development center with which the Secretary of Defense enters into the contract under subsection (a) shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State a report on the results of the research and analysis required by subsection (a). 
 (2)  Submission to congress .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees each of the following: (A)  Records. A copy of the report submitted under paragraph (1) without change. 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. Any comments, changes, recommendations, or other information provided by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State relating to the research and analysis required by subsection (a) and contained in such report. 
 
 (3)  Definitions. Appropriate congressional committees .— In this paragraph, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
 (C)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.