SEC. 1260C.  REVIEW AND REPORT RELATED TO THE TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT. (a)  Coordination. Review .— The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall conduct a review of— (1)  whether, and the means by which, as applicable, the Government of the People’s Republic of China or the Chinese Communist Party are affecting, including through military, economic, information, digital, diplomatic, or any other form of coercion— (A)  the security, or the social and economic system, of the people of Taiwan; 
 (B)  the military balance of power between the People’s Republic of China and Taiwan; or 
 (C)  the expectation that the future of Taiwan will continue to be determined by peaceful means; and 
 
 (2)  the role of United States policy toward Taiwan with respect to the implementation of the 2017 National Security Strategy and the 2018 National Defense Strategy. 
 
 (b)  Report .— (1)  Coordination. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the review under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Matters to be included .— The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Assessments. The assessments resulting from the review. 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations on legislative changes or Department of Defense or Department of State policy changes necessary to ensure that the United States continues to meets its obligations to Taiwan under the Taiwan Relations Act ( 22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq. ). 133 STAT. 1681 
 (C)  Guidelines for— (i)  new defense requirements, including requirements relating to information and digital space; 
 (ii)  exchanges between senior-level civilian and military officials of the United States and Taiwan; and 
 (iii)  the regular transfer of defense articles, especially defense articles that are mobile, survivable, and cost effective, to most effectively deter attacks and support the asymmetric defense strategy of Taiwan. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.