SEC. 1671.  REPORTS ON DEVELOPMENT OF GROUND-BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT WEAPON. (a)  Coordination. Annual Report Required .— Not later than February 15, 2020, and annually thereafter until the date on which the ground-based strategic deterrent weapon receives Milestone C approval (as defined in  section 2366 of title 10, United States Code ), the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Administrator for Nuclear Security and the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council established by  section 179 of title 10, United States Code , shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the joint development of the ground-based strategic deterrent weapon, including the missile developed by the Air Force and the W87–1 warhead modification program conducted by the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Estimate. An estimate of the date on which the ground-based strategic deterrent weapon will reach initial operating capability. 
 (2)  A description of any development milestones for the missile developed by the Air Force or the warhead developed by the National Nuclear Security Administration that depend on corresponding progress at the other agency. 
 (3)  A description of coordination efforts between the Air Force and the National Nuclear Security Administration during the year preceding submission of the report. 
 (4)  A description of any schedule delays projected by the Air Force or the National Nuclear Security Administration, including delays related to infrastructure capacity and subcomponent production, associated costs, and the anticipated  133 STAT. 1776 
effect such delays would have on the schedule of work of the other agency. 
 (5)  Plans. Plans to mitigate the effects of any delays described in paragraph (4). 
 
 (c)  Contracts. Assessment. Additional Report .— If the Air Force receives only one bid for the engineering and manufacturing development phase of the ground-based strategic deterrent program, the Secretary shall, not later than 60 days after awarding a contract for that phase, submit to the congressional defense committees a report assessing the risks and costs resulting from receiving only one bid for that phase and plans to mitigate such risks and costs. 
 (d)  Form .— Each report required by subsection (a) or (c) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.