SEC. 1746.  42 USC 6601 note . SECURING AMERICAN SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY. (a)  Interagency Working Group .— (1)  Consultation. In general .— The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, acting through the National Science and Technology Council, in consultation with the National Security Advisor, shall establish or designate an interagency working group to coordinate activities to protect federally funded research and development from foreign interference, cyber attacks, theft, or espionage and to develop common definitions and best practices for Federal science agencies and grantees, while accounting for the importance of the open exchange of ideas and international talent required for scientific progress and American leadership in science and technology. 
 (2)  Membership .— (A)  In general .— The working group shall include at least one representative of— (i)  the National Science Foundation; 
 (ii)  the Department of Energy; 
 (iii)  the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; 
 (iv)  the Department of Commerce; 
 (v)  the Department of Health and Human Services; 
 (vi)  the Department of Defense; 
 (vii)  the Department of Agriculture; 
 (viii)  the Department of Education; 
 (ix)  the Department of State; 
 (x)  the Department of the Treasury; 
 (xi)  the Department of Justice; 
 (xii)  the Department of Homeland Security; 
 (xiii)  the Central Intelligence Agency; 
 (xiv)  the Office of the Director of National Intelligence; 
 (xv)  the Office of Management and Budget; 133 STAT. 1844 
 (xvi)  the National Economic Council; and 
 (xvii)  such other Federal department or agency as the President considers appropriate. 
 
 (B)  Chair .— The working group shall be chaired by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy (or the Director’s designee). 
 
 (3)  Responsibilities of the working group .— The working group established under paragraph (1) shall— (A)  identify known and potential cyber, physical, and human intelligence threats and vulnerabilities within the United States scientific and technological enterprise; 
 (B)  Coordination. coordinate efforts among agencies to share and update important information, including specific examples of foreign interference, cyber attacks, theft, or espionage directed at federally funded research and development or the integrity of the United States scientific enterprise; 
 (C)  identify and assess existing mechanisms for protection of federally funded research and development; 
 (D)  develop an inventory of— (i)  terms and definitions used across Federal science agencies to delineate areas that may require additional protection; and 
 (ii)  policies and procedures at Federal science agencies regarding protection of federally funded research; and 
 
 (E)  Recommenda- tions. develop and periodically update unclassified recommendations for policy guidance to assist Federal science agencies and grantees in defending against threats to federally funded research and development and the integrity of the United States scientific enterprise that— (i)  includes— (I)  descriptions of known and potential threats to federally funded research and development and the integrity of the United States scientific enterprise; 
 (II)  common definitions and terminology for categorization of research and technologies that are protected; 
 (III)  identified areas of research or technology that might require additional protection; 
 (IV)  recommendations for how control mechanisms can be utilized to protect federally funded research and development from foreign interference, cyber attacks, theft or espionage, including any recommendations for updates to existing control mechanisms; 
 (V)  recommendations for best practices for Federal science agencies, universities, and grantees to defend against threats to federally funded research and development, including coordination and harmonization of any relevant reporting requirements that Federal science agencies implement for grantees, and by providing such best practices with grantees and universities at the time of awarding such grants or entering into research contracts; 133 STAT. 1845 
 (VI)  Remediation plan. a remediation plan for grantees and universities to mitigate the risks regarding such threats before research grants or contracts are cancelled because of such threats; 
 (VII)  recommendations for providing opportunities and facilities for academic researchers to perform controlled and classified research in support of Federal missions; 
 (VIII)  Assessments. assessments of potential consequences that any proposed practices would have on international collaboration and United States leadership in science and technology; and 
 (IX)  a classified addendum as necessary to further inform Federal science agency decisionmaking; and 
 
 (ii)  accounts for the range of needs across different sectors of the United States science and technology enterprise. 
 
 
 (4)  Deadline. Consultation. Policy guidance .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in consultation with the working group established under paragraph (1), shall— (A)  develop and issue policy guidance to Federal science agencies with more than $100,000,000 in extramural research in fiscal year 2018 to protect against threats to federally funded research and the United States science enterprise, including foreign interference, cyber attacks, theft, or espionage; and 
 (B)  encourage consistency in the policies developed by Federal science agencies with more than $100,000,000 in extramural research in fiscal year 2018, as appropriate, and factoring in the potential range of applications across different areas of science and technology. 
 
 (5)  Coordination with national academies roundtable .— The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall coordinate with the Academies to ensure that at least one member of the interagency working group is also a member of the roundtable under subsection (b). 
 (6)  Interim report .— Not later than six months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall provide a report to the relevant committees that includes the inventory required under paragraph (3)(D), and an update on progress toward developing the policy guidance required under paragraphs (3)(E) and (4), as well as any additional activities undertaken by the working group in that time. 
 (7)  Biennial reporting .— Two years after the date of enactment of this Act, and at least every two years thereafter, the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall provide a summary report to the relevant committees on the activities of the working group and the most current version of the policy guidance required under paragraph (4). 
 (8)  Termination .— The working group established or designated under paragraph (1) shall terminate on the date that is ten years after the date on which such working group is established or designated. 133 STAT. 1846 
 
 (b)  National Academies Science, Technology and Security Roundtable .— (1)  Contracts. In general .— The National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy, and the Department of Defense, and any other agencies as determined by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, shall enter into a joint agreement with the Academies to create a new “National Science, Technology, and Security Roundtable” (hereinafter in this subsection referred to as the “roundtable”). 
 (2)  Participants .— The roundtable shall include senior representatives and practitioners from Federal science, intelligence, and national security agencies, law enforcement, as well as key stakeholders in the United States scientific enterprise including institutions of higher education, Federal research laboratories, industry, and non-profit research organizations. 
 (3)  Purpose .— The purpose of the roundtable is to facilitate among participants— (A)  exploration of critical issues related to protecting United States national and economic security while ensuring the open exchange of ideas and international talent required for scientific progress and American leadership in science and technology; 
 (B)  identification and consideration of security threats and risks involving federally funded research and development, including foreign interference, cyber attacks, theft, or espionage; 
 (C)  identification of effective approaches for communicating the threats and risks identified in subparagraph (b) to the academic and scientific community, including through the sharing of unclassified data and relevant case studies; 
 (D)  sharing of best practices for addressing and mitigating the threats and risks identified in subparagraph (B); and 
 (E)  examination of potential near- and long-term responses by the Government and the academic and scientific community to mitigate and address the risks associated with foreign threats. 
 
 (4)  Report and briefing .— The joint agreement under paragraph (1) shall specify that— (A)  Public information. the roundtable shall periodically organize workshops and issue publicly available reports on the topics described in paragraph (3) and the activities of the roundtable; 
 (B)  not later than March 1, 2020, the Academies shall provide a briefing to the relevant committees on the progress and activities of the roundtable; and 
 (C)  the Academies shall issue a final report on its activities to the relevant committees before the end of fiscal year 2024. 
 
 (5)  Termination .— The roundtable shall terminate on September 30, 2024. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ Academies ” means the National Academies of Science, Engineering and Medicine. 133 STAT. 1847 
 (2)  The term “ Federal science agency ” means any Federal agency with at least $100,000,000 in basic and applied research obligations in fiscal year 2018. 
 (3)  The term “ grantee ” means an entity that is— (A)  a recipient or subrecipient of a Federal grant or cooperative agreement; and 
 (B)  an institution of higher education or a non-profit organization. 
 
 (4)  The term “ relevant committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives; 
 (B)  the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate; 
 (C)  the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; 
 (D)  the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and 
 (E)  the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate.