SEC. 1223.  MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT OPERATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFICE OF SECURITY COOPERATION IN IRAQ. (a)  Modification .— Section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 ( 10 U.S.C. 113 note )  is amended  as follows: (1)  Authority .— By  amending  subsection (a) to read as follows: “(a)  Authority .— The Secretary of Defense may support United States Government security cooperation activities in Iraq by providing funds for the operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq.” 
 . 
 (2)  Types of support .— In subsection (b)— (A)  by  striking  the comma after “ life support ” and  inserting  “ and ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ , and construction and renovation of facilities ”. 
 
 (3)  Limitation on amount .— In subsection (c)— (A)  by  striking  “ fiscal year 2019 ” and  inserting  “ fiscal year 2020 ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ $45,300,000 ” and  inserting  “ $30,000,000 ”. 
 
 (4)  Source of funds .— In subsection (d), by  striking  “ fiscal year 2019 ” and  inserting  “ fiscal year 2020 ”. 
 (5)  Coverage of costs of the office of security cooperation in iraq .— In subsection (e)— (A)  in the heading, by  striking  “ of OSCI ”; 
 (B)  by  inserting  “ appropriate administrative charges ” after “ includes ” and 133 STAT. 1642 
 (C)  by  striking  “ , charges sufficient to recover ” and all that follows through “ with such sale ”. 
 
 (6)  Additional authority .— In subsection (f), by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(3)  Sunset .— The authority provided in this subsection shall terminate on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020.” 
 . 
 (7)  Reports .— In subsection (g)— (A)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ September 30, 2015 ” and  inserting  “ September 30, 2020 ”; and 
 (B)  in paragraph (2)— (i)  by  striking  “ current ” each place it appears; 
 (ii)  in subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ Iraq, including ” and  inserting  “ Iraq that also addresses ”; 
 (iii)  in subparagraph (B), by  striking  “ the programs conducted ” and all that follows through “ will address ” and  inserting  “ United States security assistance and security cooperation activities are intended to address ”; and 
 (iv)  by  amending  subparagraph (F) to read as follows: “(F)  An Evaluation.  evaluation of the effectiveness of United States efforts to promote respect for human rights, military professionalism, and respect for legitimate civilian authority in Iraq.” 
 . 
 
 
 
 (b)  Limitation on Availability of Funds .— Such section 1215 is further amended by  adding  at the end the following: “(h)  Certification. Limitation on Availability of Funds .— Of the amount made available for fiscal year 2020 to carry out section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, not more than $20,000,000 may be obligated or expended for the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq until the date on which the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, that each of the following reforms relating to that Office has been completed: “(1)  Appointment. The appointment of a Senior Defense Official/Defense Attache to oversee the Office. 
 “(2)  Staffing plan. The development of a staffing plan to reorganize the Office in a manner similar to that of other security cooperation offices in the region that emphasizes the placement of personnel with regional or security cooperation expertise in key leadership positions and closes duplicative or extraneous sections. 
 “(3)  Time period. The initiation of bilateral engagement with the Government of Iraq with the objective of establishing a joint mechanism for security assistance planning, including a five-year security assistance roadmap for developing sustainable military capacity and capabilities and enabling defense institution building and reform.” 
 
 .