SEC. 1278.  22 USC 8606 note . UNITED STATES-ISRAEL COOPERATION TO COUNTER UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS. (a)  Authority to Establish Capabilities to Counter Unmanned Aerial Systems .— (1)  Consultation. Research and development. Evaluation. In general .— The Secretary of Defense, upon request of the Ministry of Defense of Israel and in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, is authorized to carry out research, development, test, and evaluation activities, on a joint basis with Israel, to establish capabilities for countering unmanned aerial systems that threaten the United States or Israel. Any activities carried out pursuant to such authority shall be conducted in a manner that appropriately protects sensitive technology and information and the national security interests of the United States and Israel. 
 (2)  Report .— The activities described in paragraph (1) and subsection (b) may not be carried out until after the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth the following: (A)  Memorandums. A memorandum of agreement between the United States and Israel regarding sharing of research and development costs for the capabilities described in paragraph (1), and any supporting documents. 
 (B)  Certification. A certification that the memorandum of agreement— (i)  requires sharing of costs of projects, including in-kind support, between the United States and Israel; 
 (ii)  establishes a framework to negotiate the rights to any intellectual property developed under the memorandum of agreement; and 
 (iii)  requires the United States Government to receive semiannual reports on expenditure of funds, if any, by the Government of Israel, including a description of what the funds have been used for, when funds were expended, and an identification of entities that expended the funds. 
 
 
 
 (b)  Support in Connection With the Program .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense is authorized to provide maintenance and sustainment support to Israel for the research, development, test, and evaluation activities authorized in subsection (a)(1). Such authority includes authority to install equipment necessary to carry out such research, development, test, and evaluation activities. 
 (2)  Time period. Report .— Support may not be provided under paragraph (1) until 15 days after the Secretary submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report setting forth a detailed description of the support to be provided. 133 STAT. 1703 
 (3)  Matching contribution .— (A)  In general .— Except as provided in subparagraph (B), support may not be provided under this subsection unless the Government of Israel contributes an amount not less than the amount of support to be so provided to the program, project, or activity for which the support is to be so provided in the calendar year in which the support is provided. 
 (B)  Exception .— Subject to paragraph (4), the Secretary may use amounts available to the Secretary in excess of the amount contributed by the Government of Israel to provide support under this subsection for costs associated with any unique national requirement identified by the United States with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems. 
 
 (4)  Annual limitation on amount .— The amount of support provided under this subsection in any year may not exceed $25,000,000. 
 (5)  Use of certain amounts for rdt&e activities in the united states .— Of the amount provided by the United States in support under paragraph (1), not less than 50 percent of such amount shall be used for research, development, test, and evaluation activities in the United States in connection with such support. 
 
 (c)  Lead Agency .— The Secretary of Defense shall designate an appropriate research and development entity of a military department as the lead agency of the Department of Defense in carrying out this section. 
 (d)  Records. Semiannual Reports .— The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress on a semiannual basis a report that contains a copy of the most recent semiannual report provided by the Government of Israel to the Department of Defense pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(B)(iii). 
 (e)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (f)  Sunset .— The authority in this section to carry out activities described in subsection (a), and to provide support described in subsection (b), shall expire on December 31, 2024.