SEC. 1624.  IMPROVING THE ONBOARDING METHODOLOGY FOR INTELLIGENCE PERSONNEL. (a)  Reports. In General .— The Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence shall, consistent with Department of Defense Instruction 1400.25, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act— (1)  not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that outlines a common methodology for measuring onboarding in elements of the intelligence community, including human resources and security processes; 
 (2)  Deadline. Assessment. Time period. not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, issue metrics for assessing key phases in the onboarding described in paragraph (1) for which results will be reported by the date that is 90 days after the date of such issuance; 
 (3)  not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on collaboration among elements of the intelligence community on their onboarding processes; 
 (4)  not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on employment of automated mechanisms in elements of the intelligence community, including for tracking personnel as they pass through each phase of the onboarding process; and 
 (5)  Survey. not later than December 31, 2020, distribute surveys to human resources offices and applicants about their experiences with the onboarding process in elements of the intelligence community. 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  The term “ intelligence community ” has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 ).