SEC. 1733.  CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF INSPECTORS GENERAL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS.   Section 8L(d)(2) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( 5 U.S.C. App. )  is amended — (1)  in subparagraph (D)— (A)  in clause (i), by  striking  “ to exercise ” and all that follows through “ such matter ” and  inserting  “ to identify and coordinate with the Inspector General who has principal jurisdiction over the matter to ensure effective oversight ”; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(iii) (I)  Upon written request by the Inspector General with principal jurisdiction over a matter with respect to the contingency operation, and with the approval of the lead Inspector General, an Inspector General specified in subsection (c) may provide investigative support or conduct an independent investigation of an allegation of criminal activity by any United States personnel, contractor, subcontractor, grantee, or vendor in the applicable theater of operations. 133 STAT. 1818 
 “(II)  Determination. In the case of a determination by the lead Inspector General that no Inspector General has principal jurisdiction over a matter with respect to the contingency operation, the lead Inspector General may— “(aa)  conduct an independent investigation of an allegation described in subclause (I); or 
 “(bb)  request that an Inspector General specified in subsection (c) conduct such investigation.” 
 
 
 ; and 
 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(I)  To enhance cooperation among Inspectors General and encourage comprehensive oversight of the contingency operation, any Inspector General responsible for conducting oversight of any program or operation performed in support of the contingency operation may, to the maximum extent practicable and consistent with the duties, responsibilities, policies, and procedures of such Inspector General— “(i)  Coordination. coordinate such oversight activities with the lead Inspector General; and 
 “(ii)  provide information requested by the lead Inspector General relating to the responsibilities of the lead Inspector General described in subparagraphs (B), (C), and (G).” 
 
 .