SEC. 1621.  REDESIGNATION OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTELLIGENCE AS UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTELLIGENCE AND SECURITY. (a)  10 USC 137 note . Redesignation of Under Secretary .— (1)  In general .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence is hereby redesignated as the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security. 
 (2)  Service of incumbent in position .— The individual serving as Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence as of the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security commencing as of that date without further appointment under  section 137 of title 10, United States Code  (as amended by subsection (c)(1)(A)(ii)). 
 (3)  Reference .— Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall be deemed to be a reference to the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security. 
 
 (b)  10 USC 137 note . Redesignation of Related Deputy Under Secretary .— (1)  In general .— The Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence is hereby redesignated as the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security. 
 (2)  Service of incumbent in position .— The individual serving as Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence as of the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security commencing as of that date without further appointment under  section 137a of title 10, United States Code  (as amended by subsection (c)(1)(B)). 
 (3)  Reference .— Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall be deemed to be a reference to the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security. 
 
 (c)  10 USC 137 note . Rule of Construction Regarding Effects of Redesignation .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to modify or expand the authorities, resources, responsibilities, roles, or missions of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security, as redesignated by this section. 
 (d)  Protection of Privacy and Civil Liberties .— Section 137 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — 133 STAT. 1733 (1)  by  redesignating  subsection (c) as subsection (d); and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): “(c)  The protection of privacy and civil liberties in accordance with Federal law and the regulations and directives of the Department of Defense shall be a top priority for the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security.” 
 . 
 
 (e)  Conforming Amendments .— (1)  Title 10 .— Title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  as follows: (A)  In each provision as follows, by  striking  “ Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence ” and  inserting  “ Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security ”: (i)  Section 131(b)(3)(F). 
 (ii)  Section 137, each place it appears. 
 (iii)  Section 139a(d)(6). 
 (iv)  Section 139b(c)(2)(E). 
 (v)  Section 181(d)(1)(B). 
 (vi)  Section 393(b)(2)(C). 
 (vii)  Section 426, each place it appears. 
 (viii)  Section 430(a). 
 
 (B)  In section 137a(c)(6), by  striking  “ Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence ” and  inserting  “ Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security ”. 
 (C)  The heading of section 137  is amended  to read as follows: “§ 137.  Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security” 
 . 
 (D)  The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 4 10 USC 131  prec.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 137 and  inserting  the following new item: 
 
 “137.  
 Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security.”. 
 
 
 
 (2)  Title 5 .— Title 5, United States Code ,  is amended  as follows: (A)  In section 5314, by  striking  “ Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence ” and  inserting  “ Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security ”. 
 (B)  In section 5315, by  striking  “ Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence ” and  inserting  “ Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security ”.