SEC. 1005.  INCLUSION OF CERTAIN MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS IN ANNUAL REPORTS ON UNFUNDED PRIORITIES OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. (a)  Inclusion of Certain Military Construction Projects Among Unfunded Priorities .— Subsection (d) of  section 222a of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows: “(d)  Definitions .— In this section: 133 STAT. 1574 “(1)  The term ‘ unfunded priority ’, in the case of a fiscal year, means a program, activity, or mission requirement, including a covered military construction project, that— “(A)  is not funded in the budget of the President for the fiscal year as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31; 
 “(B)  is necessary to fulfill a requirement associated with an operational or contingency plan of a combatant command or other validated requirement; and 
 “(C)  would have been recommended for funding through the budget referred to in subparagraph (1) by the officer submitting the report required by subsection (a) in connection with the budget if— “(i)  additional resources been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mission requirement; or 
 “(ii)  the program, activity, or mission requirement has emerged since the budget was formulated. 
 
 
 “(2)  The term ‘ covered military construction project ’, in connection with a fiscal year, means a military construction project that— “(A)  is included in any fiscal year of the future-years defense program under section 221 of this title that is submitted in connection with the budget of the President for the fiscal year, and is executable in the fiscal year; or 
 “(B)  is considered by the commander of a combatant command referred to in subsection (b)(5) to be an urgent need, and is executable in the fiscal year.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Order of Urgency of Priorities .— Paragraph (2) of subsection (c) of such section  is amended  to read as follows: “(2)  Prioritization of priorities .— Each report shall present the unfunded priorities covered by such report as follows: “(A)  In overall order of urgency of priority. 
 “(B)  In overall order of urgency of priority among unfunded priorities (other than covered military construction projects). 
 “(C)  In overall order of urgency of priority among covered military construction projects.” 
 
 .