SEC. 1744.  10 USC 113 note . OVERSIGHT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXECUTE ORDERS. (a)  Review Deadline.  of Execute Orders.— Not later than 30 days after receiving a written request by the Chairman or Ranking Member of a congressional defense committee, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the committee, including appropriately designated staff of the committee, with— (1)  an execute order approved by the Secretary or the commander of a combatant command for review; and 
 (2)  Briefing. a detailed briefing on such execute order. 
 
 (b)  Exception .— (1)  Determination. In general .— In extraordinary circumstances necessary to protect operations security or the sensitivity of the execute order, the Secretary may limit review of an execute order. A determination that extraordinary circumstances exist for purposes of this paragraph may only be made by the Secretary and the decision to limit the review of an execute order may not be delegated. 
 (2)  Summary and other information .— In extraordinary circumstances described in paragraph (1) with respect to an execute order, within 30 days of receiving a written request under subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide to the committee concerned, including appropriately designated staff of the committee— (A)  a written explanation of the extraordinary circumstances that led to the determination by the Secretary to limit review of the execute order; and 
 (B)  a detailed summary of the execute order and other information necessary for the conduct of the oversight duties of the committee. 
 
 
 (c)  Quarterly Report .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the budget of the President is submitted to Congress under  section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code , for fiscal year 2021 and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a comprehensive report identifying and summarizing all execute orders approved by the Secretary or the commander of a combatant command in effect for the Department of Defense as of the date of the report.