SEC. 1703.  MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES IN CONNECTION WITH UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. (a)  In General .— Section 1057 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ), as amended by section 1062 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ), 10 USC 113 note .   is amended — (1)  in subsection (b)— (A)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (5) and (6) as paragraphs (8) and (9), respectively; and 
 (B)  by  striking  paragraphs (3) and (4) and  inserting  the following new paragraphs: “(3)  A description of the process by which the Department of Defense investigates allegations of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations, including how the Department incorporates information from interviews with witnesses, civilian survivors of United States operations, and public reports or other nongovernmental sources. 
 “(4)  A description of— “(A)  steps taken by the Department to mitigate harm to civilians in conducting such operations; and 
 “(B)  in the case of harm caused by such an operation to a civilian, any ex gratia payment or other assistance provided to the civilian or the family of the civilian. 
 
 “(5)  A description of any allegations of civilian casualties made by public or non-governmental sources formally investigated by the Department of Defense. 
 “(6)  A description of the general reasons for any discrepancies between the assessments of the United States and reporting from nongovernmental organizations regarding non-combatant deaths resulting from strikes and operations undertaken by the United States. 
 “(7)  The definitions of ‘combatant’ and ‘non-combatant’ used in the preparation of the report, which shall be consistent with the laws of armed conflict.” 
 ; and 
 
 (2)  in subsection (e), by  striking  “ five years ” and  inserting  “ seven years ”. 
 
 (b)  10 USC 113 note . Classification .— The Law Revision Counsel is directed to place such section 1057 in a note following  section 113 of title 10, United States Code .