SEC. 1653.  STUDY ON IMPROVING CYBER CAREER PATHS IN THE NAVY. (a)  Deadline. Study Required .— Not later than October 1, 2020, the Secretary of the Navy and the Chief of Naval Operations shall jointly— (1)  complete a study on methods to improve military and civilian cyber career paths within the Navy; and 
 (2)  Reports. submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the Secretary and Chief with respect to the study completed pursuant to paragraph (1), including all of the data used in such study. 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The report submitted pursuant to subsection (a)(2) shall include the following: (1)  Plan. A plan for implementing career paths for civilian and military personnel tailored to develop expertise in cyber skill sets, including skill sets appropriate for offensive and defensive military cyber operations.  Evaluation. Such plan should also evaluate the current Cyber Warfare Engineer career field for officers, including options for expanding the career field beyond current plans. 
 (2)  Suggested changes to the processes that govern the identification of talent and career progression of the civilian and military workforce. 
 (3)  A methodology for a cyber workforce assignment policy that deliberately builds depth and breadth of knowledge regarding the conduct of cyber operations throughout an entire career. 
 (4)  Possible enhancements to identifying, recruiting, training, and retaining the civilian and military cyber workforce, especially for Interactive On-Net operators and tool developers. 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for legislative and administrative actions to address the findings and recommendations of the Secretary and the Chief with respect to the study completed pursuant to subsection (a)(1). 133 STAT. 1764 
 
 (c)  Consultation .— In conducting the study required by subsection (a)(1), the Secretary and the Chief shall consult with the following: (1)  The Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department of Defense. 
 (2)  The Secretary of the Air Force. 
 (3)  The Commander of the United States Cyber Command. 
 (4)  The Air Force Chief of Staff. 
 (5)  The Secretary of the Army. 
 (6)  The Army Chief of Staff. 
 (7)  The Commandant of the Marine Corps. 
 (8)  The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. 
 (9)  The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense.