SEC. 1002.  DEFENSE BUSINESS AUDIT REMEDIATION PLAN. (a)  In General .— Chapter 9A of  title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section: “§ 240g. 10 USC 240g .  Defense Business Audit Remediation Plan “(a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall maintain a plan, to be known as the ‘Defense Business Systems Audit Remediation Plan’. Such plan shall include a current accounting of the defense business systems of the Department of Defense  133 STAT. 1571 
that will be introduced, replaced, updated, modified, or retired in connection with the audit of the full financial statements of the Department, including a comprehensive roadmap that displays— “(1)  in-service, retirement, and other pertinent dates for affected defense business systems; 
 “(2)  Estimates. current cost-to-complete estimates for each affected defense business system; and 
 “(3)  dependencies both between the various defense business systems and between the introduction, replacement, update, modification, and retirement of such systems. 
 
 “(b)  Report and Briefing Requirements .— “(1)  Annual report .— Not later than June 30, 2020, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an updated report on the Defense Business Systems Audit Remediation Plan under subsection (a). 
 “(2)  Deadline. Semiannual briefings .— Not later than January 31 and June 30 each year, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the status of the Defense Business Systems Audit Remediation Plan. Such briefing shall include a description of any updates to the defense business systems roadmap referred to in subsection (a). 
 
 “(c)  Definition. Defense Business System .— In this section, the term ‘ defense business system ’ has the meaning given such term in section 2222(i)(1)(A) of this title.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter 10 USC 240a  prec.   is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new item: 
 
 “240g.  
 Defense Business Audit Remediation Plan.”.