SEC. 1265.  WESTERN HEMISPHERE RESOURCE ASSESSMENT. (a)  Contracts. In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with an independent, non-governmental institute described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code, that has recognized credentials and expertise in national security and military affairs to conduct an accounting of and an assessment of the sufficiency of resources available to the United States Southern Command (SOUTHCOM), United States Northern Command (NORTHCOM), Department of State, and United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to carry out their respective missions in the Western Hemisphere. 
 (b)  Matters to Be Included .— The assessment described in subsection (a) shall include each of the following: (1)  An accounting and description of the funds available to SOUTHCOM, NORTHCOM, the Department of State, and USAID. 
 (2)  List. A list of bilateral and multilateral military training and exercises with allies and partner countries in the Western Hemisphere. 
 (3)  A description of the security force activities of the United States in the Western Hemisphere. 
 (4)  A description of the activities of the Departments of State and Defense in addressing security challenges in the Western Hemisphere. 
 (5)  Cyber domain activities of the United States and those actions in concert with allied and partner countries in the Western Hemisphere. 
 (6)  A description of the funding for all international military education and training programs. 
 (7)  Overview. An overview of all foreign military sales and foreign military financing programs with partner countries in the Western Hemisphere. 
 (8)  List. A list of investments, programs, or partnerships in the Western Hemisphere by China, Iran, Russia, or other adversarial groups or countries that threaten the national security of the United States. 
 (9)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for actions the Department of Defense, the Department of State, and USAID could take to advance United States national security interests in the Western Hemisphere. 
 
 (c)  Access to Information .— The independent, non-governmental institute described in subsection (a) with which the Secretary enters into a contract pursuant to such subsection shall have full and direct access to all information related to resources available to SOUTHCOM, NORTHCOM, the Department of State, and USAID. 133 STAT. 1694 
 (d)  Reports Required .— (1)  Report of assessment .— The Secretary of Defense shall include as a term in the contract entered into pursuant to subsection (a) that the independent, non-governmental institute shall submit to the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Administrator of the USAID a report containing the assessment described in such subsection not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (2)  Report to congress .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— (A)  Records. an unedited copy of the report submitted in accordance to paragraph (1); and 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. any comments, changes, recommendations, or other information of the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development determine appropriate that relates to the assessment required by subsection (a) and contained in such report. 
 
 (3)  Form .— The report required by paragraph (2) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (e)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.