SEC. 1055.  REVISION TO AUTHORITIES RELATING TO MAIL SERVICE FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CIVILIANS OVERSEAS. (a)  Eligibility for Free Mail .— Section 3401(a) of title 39, United States Code ,  is amended  to read as follows: “(a) (1)  President. First-class letter mail having the character of personal correspondence shall be carried, at no cost to the sender, in the manner provided by this section, when mailed by an eligible individual described in paragraph (2) and addressed to a place within the delivery limits of a United States post office, if— “(A)  Determination. such letter mail is mailed by the eligible individual at an Armed Forces post office established in an overseas area designated by the President, where the Armed Forces of the United States are deployed for a contingency operation as determined by the Secretary of Defense; or 
 “(B)  the eligible individual is hospitalized as a result of disease or injury incurred as a result of service in an overseas area designated by the President under subparagraph (A). 
 
 “(2)  An eligible individual described in this paragraph is— “(A)  a member of the Armed Forces of the United States on active duty, as defined in section 101 of title 10; or 
 “(B)  a civilian employee of the Department of Defense or a military department who is providing support to military operations.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Surface Shipment of Mail Authorized .— Section 3401 of title 39, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  striking  subsection (c); 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g) as subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f), respectively; and 
 (3)  by  amending  subsection (b) to read as follows: “(b)  There shall be transported by surface or air, consistent with the service purchased by the mailer, between Armed Forces post offices or from an Armed Forces post office to a point of entry into the United States, the following categories of mail matter which are mailed at any such Armed Forces post office: “(1)  Letter mail communications having the character of personal correspondence. 
 “(2)  Any parcel exceeding 1 pound in weight but less than 70 pounds in weight and less than 130 inches in length and girth combined. 
 “(3)  Publications published not less frequently than once per week and featuring principally current news of interest  133 STAT. 1593 
to members of the Armed Forces of the United States and the general public.” 
 
 . 
 
 (c)  Technical and Conforming Amendments .— (1)  Section 3401 of title 39, United States Code ,  is amended  in the section heading by  striking  “ and of friendly foreign nations ”. 
 (2)  The table of sections for  chapter 34 of title 39, United States Code , 39 USC 3401  prec.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 3401 and  inserting  the following: 
 
 “3401.  
 Mailing privileges of members of Armed Forces of the United States.”.