SEC. 1722.  REPORT ON TRANSFERS OF EQUIPMENT TO PROHIBITED ENTITIES. (a)  Coordination. Annual Report .— Not later than March 1, 2021, and each subsequent year through 2025, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the transfer of defense articles during the year preceding the year during which the report is submitted to any of the following: (1)  Any security force unit that has committed a gross violation of human rights in violation of  section 362 of title 10, United States Code , or section 620M of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2378d ). 
 (2)  Any group or organization prohibited by law from receiving assistance from the United States. 
 
 (b)  Matters to Be Included .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Determination. A description of any confirmed instance in which the government of a foreign state that has received defense articles pursuant to a Department of Defense assistance authority subsequently transferred any such articles to a unit of that foreign state that is prohibited from receiving assistance from the United States by reason of a determination by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of State that there is credible evidence that such unit has committed a gross violation of human rights. 
 (2)  A description of any instance, confirmed or under investigation, in which the government of a foreign state that has received defense articles pursuant to a Department of Defense assistance authority subsequently transferred any such articles to a group or organization that is prohibited by law from receiving assistance from the United States. 133 STAT. 1811 
 
 (c)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.