SEC. 1243.  FUTURE YEARS PLANS AND PLANNING TRANSPARENCY FOR THE EUROPEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE. (a)  Amendments .— Section 1273 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ;  131 Stat. 1696 ) 10 USC 221 note .   is amended  as follows: (1)  In the section heading, by  striking  “ plan ” and  inserting  “ plans ”. 
 (2)  In subsection (a) to read as follows: “(a)  Initial Plan . Deadline. Consultation. Time period. — Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States European Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a future years plan on activities and resources of the European Deterrence Initiative (EDI) for fiscal year 2020 and not fewer than the four succeeding fiscal years.” 
 . 
 (3)  Matters to be included .— In subsection (b)— (A)  in paragraph (1) to read as follows: “(1)  A description of the objectives of the EDI, including a description of— “(A)  the intended force structure and posture of the assigned and allocated forces within the area of responsibility of the United States European Command for the last fiscal year of the plan; and 
 “(B)  the manner in which such force structure and posture support the implementation of the National Defense Strategy.” 
 
 ; 
 (B)  in paragraph (5), by  striking  “ required infrastructure investments ” and  inserting  “ required infrastructure and military construction investments ”; and 
 (C)  in paragraph (8)— (i)  in subparagraph (E), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (ii)  in subparagraph (F), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  a semicolon; and 133 STAT. 1657 
 (iii)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(G)  Assessment. a detailed assessment of the resources necessary to achieve the requirements of the plan, including specific cost estimates for each project under the EDI to support increased presence, exercises and training, enhanced prepositioning, improved infrastructure, and building partnership capacity; 
 “(H)  Timeline. a detailed timeline to achieve the force posture and capabilities, including permanent force posture requirements; and 
 “(I)  a detailed explanation of any significant modifications to activities and resources as compared to the future years plan on activities and resources of the EDI submitted for the previous year.” 
 . 
 
 
 (4)  By  redesignating  subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. 
 (5)  By  inserting  after subsection (b) the following: “(c)  Subsequent Plans .— “(1)  Deadline. Consultation. Time period. In general .— Not later than the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to Congress the budget request for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary, in consultation with the Commander of the United States European Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a future years plan on activities and resources of the European Deterrence Initiative for such fiscal year and not fewer than the four succeeding fiscal years. 
 “(2)  Matters to be included .— The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include— “(A)  the matters described in subsection (b); and 
 “(B)  a detailed explanation of any significant modifications in requirements or resources, as compared to the plan submitted under such subsection (b).” 
 
 
 . 
 (6)  In subsection (d), as redesignated, by  striking  “ The plan required under subsection (a) ” and  inserting  “ The plans required under subsections (a) and (c) ”. 
 (7)  In subsection (e), as redesignated, by  striking  “ Limitations ” and all that follows through “ In the case of ” and  inserting  “ Limitations .—In the case of ”. 
 
 (b)  10 USC 221 note . Budget Display Information .— The Secretary of Defense shall include in the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter (as submitted under  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code ), a detailed budget display for the European Deterrence Initiative that includes the following information (regardless of whether the funding line is for overseas contingency operations): (1)  With respect to procurement accounts— (A)  amounts displayed by account, budget activity, line number, line item, and line item title; and 
 (B)  a description of the requirements for each such amounts specific to the Initiative. 
 
 (2)  With respect to research, development, test, and evaluation accounts— (A)  amounts displayed by account, budget activity, line number, program element, and program element title; and 133 STAT. 1658 
 (B)  a description of the requirements for each such amounts specific to the Initiative. 
 
 (3)  With respect to operation and maintenance accounts— (A)  amounts displayed by account title, budget activity title, line number, and subactivity group title; and 
 (B)  a description of how such amounts will specifically be used. 
 
 (4)  With respect to military personnel accounts— (A)  amounts displayed by account, budget activity, budget subactivity, and budget subactivity title; and 
 (B)  a description of the requirements for each such amounts specific to the Initiative. 
 
 (5)  With respect to each project under military construction accounts (including with respect to unspecified minor military construction and amounts for planning and design), the country, location, project title, and project amount by fiscal year. 
 
 (c)  10 USC 221 note . End of Fiscal Year Report .— Not later than November 30, 2020, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains— (1)  Summary. a detailed summary of funds obligated for the European Deterrence Initiative for the preceding fiscal year; and 
 (2)  a detailed comparison of funds obligated for the European Deterrence Initiative for the preceding fiscal year to amounts requested for the Initiative for that fiscal year in the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for that fiscal year as required by subsection (c), including with respect to each of the accounts described in paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), and (5) of subsection (b) and the information required under each such paragraph. 
 
 (d)  Deadlines. 10 USC 221 note . Interim Briefing .— Not later than March 30, 2021, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the congressional defense committees with an interim briefing on the status of all matters covered by the end of fiscal year report required by section (c).