SEC. 1277.  REPORT ON INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY ASSESSMENT RELATING TO THE KILLING OF WASHINGTON POST COLUMNIST JAMAL KHASHOGGI. (a)  In General .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report consisting of— (1)  Determination. a determination and presentation of evidence with respect to the advance knowledge and role of any current or former official of the Government of Saudi Arabia or any current or former senior Saudi political figure over the directing, ordering, or tampering of evidence in the killing of Washington Post columnist Jamal Khashoggi; and 
 (2)  List. a list of foreign persons that the Director of National Intelligence has high confidence— (A)  were responsible for, or complicit in, ordering, controlling, or otherwise directing an act or acts contributing to or causing the death of Jamal Khashoggi; 
 (B)  knowingly and materially assisted, sponsored, or provided financial, material, or technological support for, or goods or services in support of, an activity described in subparagraph (A); or 
 (C)  impeded the impartial investigation of the killing of Jamal Khashoggi, including through the tampering of evidence relating to the investigation. 
 
 
 (b)  Form .— (1)  In general .— The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (2)  Determination. Names of foreign persons listed .— The name of each foreign person listed in the report described in subsection (a)(2) shall be included in the unclassified portion of the report unless the Director of National Intelligence determines that such disclosure would undermine United States intelligence sources and methods or threaten the national security interests of the United States. 
 
 (c)  Defined .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— 133 STAT. 1702 (A)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
 
 (2)  Knowingly .— The term “ knowingly ”, with respect to conduct, a circumstance, or a result, means that a person has actual knowledge, or should have known, of the conduct, the circumstance, or the result.