SEC. 1263.  UNITED STATES CENTRAL COMMAND POSTURE ASSESSMENT AND REVIEW. (a)  Assessment and Review Required .— (1)  Deadline. Contracts. In general .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an independent assessment and comprehensive review of United States military force posture and capabilities in the United States Central Command area of responsibility for the purpose of clarifying and evolving United States military force posture and basing throughout such area of responsibility in accordance with the strategic guidance of the National Defense Strategy during the posture review period. 
 (2)  Matters to be included .— The assessment and review conducted under paragraph (1) shall include, for the posture review period, the following: (A)  An assessment of the threats and challenges in the United States Central Command area of responsibility, including threats and challenges posed to United States interests by near-peer competitors. 
 (B)  An explanation of the policy and strategic frameworks for addressing the threats and challenges identified under subparagraph (A). 
 (C)  An identification of current and future United States military force posture and capabilities necessary to counter threats, deter conflict, and defend United States national security interests in the United States Central Command area of responsibility. 
 (D)  An assessment of threats and vulnerabilities to current basing, posture, and readiness in the United States Central Command area of responsibility. 
 (E)  An assessment of the basing, cooperative security locations, and other infrastructure necessary to support steady state operations in support of the theater campaign plan and potential contingencies that may arise in or affect the United States Central Command area of responsibility, including any potential efficiencies and risk mitigation measures to be taken. 
 (F)  An assessment of the risks and tradeoffs to United States Central Command priorities resulting from the reorientation of resources toward National Defense Strategy priorities and a description of methods to mitigate any negative impact of such reorientation. 
 (G)  An explanation of the manner in which a modernized global operating model or dynamic force employment approach may yield efficiencies and increase strategic flexibility while achieving United States military objectives in the United States Central Command area of responsibility. 133 STAT. 1692 
 (H)  An articulation of the United States nonmilitary efforts and activities necessary to enable the achievement of United States national security interests in the United States Central Command area of responsibility. 
 (I)  Any other matter considered relevant. 
 
 
 (b)  Recommenda- tions. Results .— The federally funded research and development center concerned shall submit to the Secretary the results of the assessment and review under subsection (a), which shall include the following: (1)  Considerations and recommendations for improving posture, basing, and readiness in the United States Central Command area of responsibility. 
 (2)  Alternative basing and posture options to reduce costs, enhance readiness, improve posture, and align with National Defense Strategy priorities. 
 (3)  Any legislative recommendations— (A)  to support and facilitate National Defense Strategy implementation with respect to United States Central Command; and 
 (B)  to modernize or improve basing, posture, and readiness in the United States Central Command area of responsibility. 
 
 
 (c)  Submittal to Congress .— (1)  Deadline. Records. In general .— Not later than July 1, 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees an unaltered copy of the results under subsection (b), together with the written perspectives of the Secretary and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff with respect to such results. 
 (2)  Form .— The submission under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (d)  Posture Review Period Defined .— In this section, the term “ posture review period ” means the period beginning on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date that is 15 years after such date of enactment.