SEC. 1633.  EVALUATION OF CYBER VULNERABILITIES OF MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE.   Section 1647 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ) 10 USC 2224 note .   is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsections: “(f)  Determination. Written Notification .— If the Secretary determines that the Department will not complete an evaluation of the cyber vulnerabilities of each major weapon system of the Department by the date specified in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees written notification relating to each such incomplete evaluation. Such a written notification shall include the following: “(1)  An identification of each major weapon system for which an evaluation will not be complete by the date specified in subsection (a)(1), the anticipated date of completion of the evaluation of each such weapon system, and a description of the remaining work to be done for the evaluation of each such weapon system. 
 “(2)  A justification for the inability to complete such an evaluation by the date specified in subsection (a)(1). 
 
 “(g)  Report .— The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, shall provide a report to the congressional defense committees upon completion of the requirement for an evaluation of the cyber vulnerabilities of each major weapon system of the Department under this section. Such report shall include the following: “(1)  An identification of cyber vulnerabilities of each major weapon system requiring mitigation. 
 “(2)  An identification of current and planned efforts to address the cyber vulnerabilities of each major weapon system requiring mitigation, including efforts across the doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel, and facilities of the Department. 
 “(3)  A description of joint and common cyber vulnerability mitigation solutions and efforts, including solutions and efforts across the doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel, and facilities of the Department. 
 “(4)  A description of lessons learned and best practices regarding evaluations of the cyber vulnerabilities and cyber vulnerability mitigation efforts relating to major weapon systems, including an identification of useful tools and technologies  133 STAT. 1747 
for discovering and mitigating vulnerabilities, such as those specified in section 1657 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ), and steps taken to institutionalize the use of these tools and technologies. 
 “(5)  A description of efforts to share lessons learned and best practices regarding evaluations of the cyber vulnerabilities and cyber vulnerability mitigation efforts of major weapon systems across the Department. 
 “(6)  An identification of measures taken to institutionalize evaluations of cyber vulnerabilities of major weapon systems, including an identification of which major weapon systems evaluated under this section will be reevaluated in the future, when these evaluations will occur, and how evaluations will occur for future major weapon systems. 
 “(7)  Information relating to guidance, processes, procedures, or other activities established to mitigate or address the likelihood of cyber vulnerabilities of major weapon systems by incorporation of lessons learned in the research, development, test, evaluation, and acquisition cycle, including promotion of cyber education of the acquisition workforce. 
 “(8)  An identification of systems to be incorporated into or that have been incorporated into the National Security Agency’s Strategic Cybersecurity Program and the status of these systems in the Program. 
 “(9)  Any other matters the Secretary determines relevant.” 
 
 .