SEC. 1752.  DESIGNATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STRATEGIC ARCTIC PORTS. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  the Arctic is a region of strategic importance to the national security interests of the United States and the Department of Defense must better align its presence, force posture, and capabilities to meet the growing array of challenges in the region; and 
 (2)  although much progress has been made to increase awareness of Arctic issues and to promote increased presence in the region, additional measures, including the designation of one or more strategic Arctic ports, are needed to show the commitment of the United States to this emerging strategic choke point of future great power competition. 
 
 (b)  Report Required .— (1)  Consultation. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Commanding General of the United States Army Corps of Engineers, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, and the  133 STAT. 1851 
Administrator of the Maritime Administration, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report evaluating potential sites for one or more strategic ports in the Arctic. 
 (2)  Elements .— Consistent with the updated military strategy for the protection of United States national security interests in the Arctic region set forth in the report required under section 1071 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 114–92 ;  129 Stat. 992 ), the report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A)  Evaluation. an evaluation of the amount of sufficient and suitable space needed to create capacity for port and other necessary infrastructure for at least one of each of type of Navy or Coast Guard vessel, including an Arleigh Burke class destroyer of the Navy, a national security cutter, and a heavy polar ice breaker of the Coast Guard; 
 (B)  Evaluation. an evaluation of the amount of sufficient and suitable space needed to create capacity for equipment and fuel storage, technological infrastructure, and civil infrastructure to support military and civilian operations, including— (i)  aerospace warning; 
 (ii)  maritime surface and subsurface warning; 
 (iii)  maritime control and defense; 
 (iv)  maritime domain awareness; 
 (v)  homeland defense; 
 (vi)  defense support to civil authorities; 
 (vii)  humanitarian relief; 
 (viii)  search and rescue; 
 (ix)  disaster relief; 
 (x)  oil spill response; 
 (xi)  medical stabilization and evacuation; and 
 (xii)  meteorological measurements and forecasting; 
 
 (C)  an identification of proximity and road access required to an airport designated as a commercial service airport by the Federal Aviation Administration that is capable of supporting military and civilian aircraft for operations designated in subparagraph (B); 
 (D)  a description of the requirements, to include infrastructure and installations, communications, and logistics necessary to improve response effectiveness to support military and civilian operations described in subparagraph (B); 
 (E)  an identification of the sites that the Secretary recommends as potential sites for designation as Department of Defense Strategic Arctic Ports; 
 (F)  Cost estimate. the estimated cost of sufficient construction necessary to initiate and sustain expected operations at such sites; and 
 (G)  such other information as the Secretary deems relevant. 
 
 
 (c)  Designation of Strategic Arctic Ports .— Deadline. Consultation. Not later than 90 days after the date on which the report required under subsection (b) is submitted, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Commanding General of the United States Army Corps of Engineers, the Commandant of the Coast Guard, and the Administrator of the Maritime Administration, may designate one or more ports as Department of Defense  133 STAT. 1852 
Strategic Arctic Ports from the sites identified under subsection (b)(2)(E). 
 (d)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize any additional appropriations for the Department of Defense for the establishment of any port designated pursuant to this section. 
 (e)  Arctic Defined .— In this section, the term “ Arctic ” has the meaning given that term in section 112 of the Arctic Research and Policy Act of 1984 ( 15 U.S.C. 4111 ).