SEC. 1636.  MODIFICATION OF ELEMENTS OF ASSESSMENT REQUIRED FOR TERMINATION OF DUAL-HAT ARRANGEMENT FOR COMMANDER OF THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND.   Section 1642 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( 130 Stat. 2601 ;  Public Law 114–328 )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (b)(2)(C)— (A)  in clause (ii), by  inserting  “ and national intelligence operations ” after “ operations ”; 
 (B)  by  amending  clause (iii) to read as follows: “(iii)  The tools, weapons, and accesses used in and available for military cyber operations are sufficient for achieving required effects and United States Cyber  133 STAT. 1749 
Command is capable of acquiring or developing such tools, weapons, and accesses.” 
 ; and 
 (C)  by  amending  clause (vi) to read as follows: “(vi)  The Cyber Mission Force has achieved full operational capability and has demonstrated the capacity to execute the cyber missions of the Department, including the following: “(I)  Execution of national-level missions through cyberspace, including deterrence and disruption of adversary cyber activity. 
 “(II)  Defense of the Department of Defense Information Network. 
 “(III)  Support for other combatant commands, including targeting of adversary military assets.” 
 
 ; 
 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subsection (c) as subsection (d); and 
 (3)  by  inserting  after subsection (b) the following new subsection: “(c)  Biannual Briefing .— “(1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection and biannually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress briefings on the nature of the National Security Agency and United States Cyber Command’s current and future partnership.  Termination date. Briefings under this subsection shall not terminate until the certification specified in subsection (a) is issued. 
 “(2)  Elements .— Each briefing under this subsection shall include status updates on the current and future National Security Agency-United States Cyber Command partnership efforts, including relating to the following: “(A)  Common infrastructure and capability acquisition. 
 “(B)  Operational priorities and partnership. 
 “(C)  Research and development partnership. 
 “(D)  Executed documents, written memoranda of agreements or understandings, and policies issued governing such current and future partnership. 
 “(E)  Projected long-term efforts.” 
 
 
 .