SEC. 1753.  INDEPENDENT STUDIES REGARDING POTENTIAL COST SAVINGS WITH RESPECT TO THE NUCLEAR SECURITY ENTERPRISE AND FORCE STRUCTURE . (a)  Review of Nuclear Deterrence Postures .— (1)  Contracts. In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into agreements with two federally funded research and development centers for the conduct of independent reviews of alternative defense postures that achieve United States national security objectives and could produce cost savings. Each such review shall include— (A)  alternative nuclear deterrence postures to achieve national security objectives, including two alternatives with reduced and increased force posture levels; 
 (B)  the options for and cost impacts resulting from changes to force structure, active and reserve component balance, domestic and overseas basing, and other impacts resulting from potential challenges to foundational planning assumptions to achieve national security objectives; 
 (C)  the potential cost savings from alterations to the current balance between the military and civilian workforces; and 
 (D)  options for reducing service contracts in the Department of Defense. 
 
 (2)  Cost data .— A federally funded research and development center that conducts a review pursuant to paragraph (1) shall standardize cost data through the use of Department of Defense cost estimation methodologies and may make reference to appropriate national security policy documents. 
 (3)  Access to classified information .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide to such a center classified information on threat capability developments, plans, and intentions of China, Russia, North Korea, Iran, and violent extremist organizations. 
 
 (b)  Report and Briefings .— (1)  Briefing on cost savings .— Not later than February 1, 2020, the Comptroller General of the United States shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the recommendations of the Comptroller General with respect to cost savings in the Department of Defense. 
 (2)  Briefing on efficiency initiatives .— Not later than February 1, 2020, the Comptroller General of the United States shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the recommendations of the Comptroller General with respect to the efficiency initiatives undertaken by the Office of the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. 
 (3)  Report .— Subsequent to providing the briefing under paragraph (2), the Comptroller General shall submit to the  133 STAT. 1853 
congressional defense committees a report on the matters covered by the briefing.