SEC. 1255.  REPORT ON DIRECT, INDIRECT, AND BURDEN-SHARING CONTRIBUTIONS OF JAPAN AND SOUTH KOREA. (a)  In General .— Not later than the date agreed to in accordance with subsection (e)(2), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the direct, indirect, and burden-sharing contributions of Japan and South Korea to support overseas military installations of the United States and United States Armed Forces deployed to or permanently stationed in Japan and South Korea, respectively. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  The benefits to United States national security and regional security derived from the forward presence of the Armed Forces in the Indo-Pacific region, including Japan and South Korea. 
 (2)  For calendar year 2016 and each subsequent calendar year, the overall cost for the presence of the Armed Forces in Japan and South Korea and the breakdown of such costs between the United States and the respective host nations. 
 (3)  For calendar year 2016 and each subsequent calendar year, a description of the one-time and recurring costs associated with the presence of the Armed Forces in Japan and South Korea, including— (A)  costs to relocate the Armed Forces within Japan and South Korea and to realign the Armed Forces from Japan and South Korea; 
 (B)  military personnel costs; 
 (C)  operation and maintenance costs; and 
 (D)  military construction costs. 
 
 (4)  A description of direct, indirect, and burden-sharing contributions of Japan and South Korea, including— (A)  contributions for labor costs associated with the presence of the Armed Forces; 
 (B)  contributions to military construction projects of the Department of Defense, including planning, design, environmental reviews, construction, construction management costs, rents on privately-owned land, facilities, labor, utilities, and vicinity improvements; 
 (C)  contributions such as loan guarantees on public-private venture housing and payment-in-kind for facilities returned to Japan and South Korea; 
 (D)  contributions accepted for labor, logistics, utilities, facilities, and any other purpose; and 
 (E)  other contributions, such as Camp Humphreys and the Futenma Replacement Facility, as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General. 
 
 (5)  The methodology and accounting procedures used to measure and track direct, indirect, and burden-sharing contributions made by Japan and South Korea. 133 STAT. 1673 
 
 (c)  Determination. Description of Contributions in United States Dollars .— The report required by subsection (a) shall describe the direct, indirect, and burden-sharing contributions of Japan and South Korea in United States dollars and shall specify the exchange rates used to determine the United States dollar value of such contributions. 
 (d)  Form .— The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form without any designation relating to dissemination control, but may contain a classified annex. 
 (e)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than March 2, 2020, the Comptroller General shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees an interim briefing— (1)  on the status of the report and initial findings; and 
 (2)  to agree on the date on which to submit the report required by subsection (a). 
 
 (f)  Support From the Department of Defense .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide the Comptroller General with timely access to the appropriate information, data, and analyses necessary to fulfill the requirement under subsection (a) in a timely, thorough, and independent manner. 
 (g)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.