SEC. 1010.  UPDATE OF AUTHORITIES AND RENAMING OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND. (a)  Renaming as Account .— (1)  In general .— Section 1705 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (A)  in subsection (a), by  striking  “ the ‘Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Fund’) ” and  inserting  “ the ‘Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Account’) ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ Fund ” each place it appears (other than subsection (e)(6)) and  inserting  “ Account ”. 
 
 (2)  Conforming and clerical amendments .— (A)  Section heading .— The heading of such section  is amended  to read as follows: “§ 1705.  Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account” 
 . 
 (B)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter I of chapter 87 of such 10 USC 1701  prec.  title  is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 1705 and  inserting  the following new item: 
 
 “1705.  
 Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account.”. 
 
 
 
 
 (b)  Management .— Such section is further amended by  striking  “ Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment ”. 
 (c)  Appropriations as Sole Elements of Account .— Subsection (d) of such section  is amended  to read as follows: “(d)  Elements .— The Account shall consist of amounts appropriated to the Account by law.” 
 . 
 (d)  Availability of Amounts in Account .— Subsection (e)(6) of such section  is amended  by  striking  “ credited to the Fund ” and all that follows and  inserting  “ appropriated to the Account pursuant to subsection (d) shall remain available for expenditure for the fiscal year in which appropriated and the succeeding fiscal year. ”. 
 (e)  10 USC 1705 note . Effective Date .— 133 STAT. 1577 
 (1)  In general .— The amendments made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2019, and shall apply with respect to fiscal years that begin on or after that date. 
 (2)  Duration of availability of previously deposited funds .— Nothing in the amendments made by this section shall modify the duration of availability of amounts in the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund that were appropriated or credited to, or deposited, in the Fund, before October 1, 2019, as provided for in  section 1705(e)(6) of title 10, United States Code , as in effect on the day before such date.