SEC. 1688.  ORGANIZATION, AUTHORITIES, AND BILLETS OF THE MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. (a)  Independent Study .— (1)  Contract. Assessment .— In accordance with paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a study assessing— (A)  the organization of the Missile Defense Agency under the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering pursuant to  section 205(b) of title 10, United States Code ; 
 (B)  alternative ways to organize the Agency under other officials of the Department of Defense, including the Under Secretary for Acquisition and Sustainment and any other official of the Department the federally funded research and development center determines appropriate; and 133 STAT. 1788 
 (C)  transitioning the Agency to the standard acquisition process pursuant to Department of Defense Instruction 5000, including both the risks and benefits of making such a transition. 
 
 (2)  Update. Scope of study .— Before entering into the contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees an update on the scope of such study. 
 (3)  Deadline. Submission to dod .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the federally funded research and development center shall submit to the Secretary the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
 (4)  Deadline. Submission to congress .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the federally funded research and development center submits to the Secretary the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the study, without change. 
 
 (b)  Notification on Changes to Non-standard Acquisition Processes and Responsibilities .— (1)  Requirements .— The Secretary may not make any changes to the missile defense non-standard acquisition processes and responsibilities described in paragraph (2) until the Secretary, without delegation— (A)  Consultation. has consulted with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the secretaries of the military departments, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Commander of United States Strategic Command, the Commander of United States Northern Command, and the Director of the Missile Defense Agency; 
 (B)  Certification. certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has coordinated the changes with and received the views of the individuals referred to in subparagraph (A); 
 (C)  Reports. submits to the congressional defense committees a report describing the changes, the rationale for the changes, and the views of the individuals referred to in subparagraph (A) with respect to such changes; and 
 (D)  Time period. a period of 120 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary submits such report. 
 
 (2)  Non-standard acquisition processes and responsibilities described .— The non-standard acquisition processes and responsibilities described in this paragraph are such processes and responsibilities described in— (A)  the memorandum of the Secretary of Defense titled “Missile Defense Program Direction” signed on January 2, 2002; 
 (B)  Department of Defense Directive 5134.09, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
 (C)  United States Strategic Command Instruction 583–3. 
 
 
 (c)  Limitation on Certain Transfers of Billets .— During fiscal year 2020, the Secretary of Defense may not transfer civilian or military billets from the Missile Defense Agency to any element  133 STAT. 1789 
of the Department under the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering until, for each such transfer— (1)  Notification. the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees of such proposed transfer; and 
 (2)  Time period. a period of 90 days has elapsed following the date of such notification.