SEC. 1660.  JOINT ASSESSMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER RED TEAM CAPABILITIES, CAPACITY, DEMAND, AND REQUIREMENTS. (a)  Deadline. Coordination. Joint Assessment Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, Principal Cyber Advisor, and the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation— (1)  conduct a joint assessment of Department cyber red team capabilities, capacity, demand, and future requirements that affect the Department’s ability to develop, test, and maintain secure systems in a cyber environment; and 
 (2)  Briefing. brief the congressional defense committees on the results of the joint assessment. 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The joint assessment required by subsection (a)(1) shall— (1)  specify demand for cyber red team support for acquisition and operations; 
 (2)  specify shortfalls in meeting demand and future requirements, disaggregated by the Department of Defense component or agency and by military department; 
 (3)  Examination. examine funding and retention initiatives to increase cyber red team capacity to meet demand and future requirements identified to support the testing, training, and development communities; 
 (4)  Examination. examine the feasibility and benefit of developing and procuring a common Red Team Integrated Capabilities Stack that better utilizes increased capacity of cyber ranges and better models the capabilities and tactics, techniques, and procedures of adversaries; 
 (5)  Examination. examine the establishment of oversight and assessment metrics for Department cyber red teams; 
 (6)  assess the implementation of common development efforts for tools, techniques, and training; 
 (7)  assess potential industry and academic partnerships and services; 133 STAT. 1772 
 (8)  assess the mechanisms and procedures in place to deconflict red-team activities and defensive cyber operations on active networks; 
 (9)  assess the use of Department cyber personnel in training as red team support; 
 (10)  assess the use of industry and academic partners and contractors as red team support and the cost- and resource-effectiveness of such support; and 
 (11)  assess the need for permanent, high-end dedicated red-teaming activities to model sophisticated adversaries’ attacking critical Department systems and infrastructure.