SEC. 1218.  SUPPORT FOR RECONCILIATION ACTIVITIES LED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF AFGHANISTAN. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, provide covered support for  133 STAT. 1634 
reconciliation activities to one or more designated persons or entities or Federal agencies. 
 (b)  Reports. Framework for Use of Authority .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the use of the authority under subsection (a) that includes— (1)  a framework for use of such authority; 
 (2)  Evaluation. evaluation requirements; and 
 (3)  a prioritization of covered support. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Notification. Designation .— Not later than 15 days before the Secretary of Defense designates an individual or organization as a designated person or entity, the Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of the intent of the Secretary to make such designation. 
 (d)  Reimbursement .— (1)  Designated persons or entities .— The Secretary of Defense may provide covered support to a designated person or entity on a nonreimbursable basis. 
 (2)  Federal agencies .— The Secretary of Defense may provide covered support to a Federal agency on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis. 
 
 (e)  Location of Covered Support .— (1)  Afghanistan. In general .— Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may only provide covered support within Afghanistan. 
 (2)  Pakistan. Determination. Certification. Exception .— Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense may provide covered support in Pakistan if the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, determines, and certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress, that providing covered support in Pakistan is in the national security interest of the United States. 
 
 (f)  Deadline. Pakistan. Notification .— Not later than 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense provides covered support in Pakistan, or an individual expenditure for covered support reaches a monetary threshold of $75,000 or greater, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress written notice that includes— (1)  the intended recipient of such covered support and the specific covered support to be provided; and 
 (2)  a description of the manner in which such covered support facilitates reconciliation. 
 
 (g)  Funding .— (1)  Source of funds .— Amounts for covered support may only be derived from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance. 
 (2)  Limitation .— Not more than $15,000,000 may be used in each fiscal year to provide covered support under this section. 
 
 (h)  Rule of Construction .— Covered support shall not be construed to violate section 2339, 2339A, or 2339B of  title 18, United States Code . 
 (i)  Reports .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on covered support during the preceding 90-day period. 133 STAT. 1635 
 (2)  Elements .— Each report under this subsection shall include, for the preceding reporting period, the following: (A)  Summary. A summary of the reconciliation activities for which covered support was provided. 
 (B)  A description of the covered support, by class or type, and the designated person or entity or Federal agency that received each class or type of covered support. 
 (C)  The total dollar amount of each class or type of covered support, including budget details. 
 (D)  The intended duration of each provision of covered support. 
 (E)  Any other matter the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. 
 
 
 (j)  Sunset .— The authority to carry out this section shall terminate on December 31, 2020. 
 (k)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Covered support .— (A)  In general .— The term “ covered support ” means logistic support, supplies, and services (as defined in  section 2350 of title 10, United States Code ) and security provided under this section. 
 (B)  Exclusions .— The term “ covered support ” does not include the following support, supplies, or services described in  section 2350 of title 10, United States Code : (i)  Ammunition, construction incident to base operations support, training services, and the temporary use of general purpose vehicles. 
 (ii)  With respect to any member of the Taliban, transportation in vehicles or on aircraft owned by the United States Government. 
 
 
 (3)  Designated person or entity .— (A)  In general .— The term “ designated person or entity ” means an individual or organization designated by the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, as necessary to facilitate a reconciliation activity. 
 (B)  Exclusion .— The term “ designated person or entity ” does not include a Federal agency or department. 
 
 (4)  Reconciliation activity .— The term “ reconciliation activity ” means any activity intended to support, facilitate, or enable a political settlement between the Government of Afghanistan and the Taliban for the purpose of ending the war in Afghanistan. 
 (5)  Security .— The term “ security ” means any measure determined by the Secretary of Defense to be necessary to protect reconciliation activities from hostile acts. 133 STAT. 1636