SEC. 1252.  EXPANSION OF INDO-PACIFIC MARITIME SECURITY INITIATIVE AND LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS. (a)  Expansion of Recipient Countries .— Subsection (b) of section 1263 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( 10 U.S.C. 333 note )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraphs: “(8)  The Federated States of Micronesia. 
 “(9)  The Independent State of Samoa. 
 “(10)  The Kingdom of Tonga. 
 “(11)  Papua New Guinea. 
 “(12)  The Republic of Fiji. 
 “(13)  The Republic of Kiribati. 
 “(14)  The Republic of the Marshall Islands. 
 “(15)  The Republic of Nauru. 
 “(16)  The Republic of Palau. 
 “(17)  The Republic of Vanuatu. 
 “(18)  The Solomon Islands. 
 “(19)  Tuvalu.” 
 . 
 (b)  Limitation on Use of Funds .— (1)  Reports. In general .— None of the funds authorized to be appropriated for the Indo-Pacific Maritime Security Initiative under such section may be obligated or expended to provide training or assistance to a recipient country described in any of paragraphs (8) through (19) of subsection (b) of such section until the date on which the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on security cooperation with and security assistance to such countries. 
 (2)  Report .— The report referred to in paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  An identification of elements of the theater campaign plan of the geographic combatant command concerned and the interagency integrated country strategy that will be advanced by expansion of security cooperation and assistance programs and activities to such recipient countries. 
 (B)  Assessment. An assessment of the capabilities, and a description of the capability enhancement priorities, of each such country. 
 (C)  A description of the manner in which United States security cooperation and assistance authorities, including assistance provided pursuant to other security cooperation  133 STAT. 1669 
authorities of the Department of Defense or security assistance authorities of the Department of State, may be used to enhance the priority capabilities of each such country. 
 (D)  A description, as appropriate, of the manner in which the Secretary of Defense, together with the Secretary of State, shall ensure that security cooperation with and security assistance to such countries complement regional engagement efforts undertaken by United States allies, including the Pacific Step-Up efforts of the Government of Australia and the “Pacific Reset” efforts of the Government of New Zealand. 
 (E)  A description of absorption capacity and sustainability issues for each such country and a plan to resolve such issues. 
 (F)  An identification of the estimated annual cost for such assistance and training for fiscal years 2020 through 2025. 
 
 
 (c)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.