SEC. 1272.  DEFENSE AND DIPLOMATIC STRATEGY FOR LIBYA. (a)  Report Required .— Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains a description of the United States defense and diplomatic strategy for Libya. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  An explanation of the defense and diplomatic strategy for Libya, including a description of the ends, ways, and means inherent to the strategy, and the role of the Armed Forces in supporting the strategy. 
 (2)  An explanation of the policy and legal authorities of the Department of Defense and the Department of State required to support the strategy. 
 (3)  A detailed description of Department of Defense security partnerships with Libyan actors. 
 (4)  A detailed description of Libyan and external security actors and an assessment of how those actors advance or undermine stability in Libya and United States strategic interests in Libya, including United States interests in a political settlement to the conflict in Libya. 
 (5)  A detailed description of the military activities of external actors in Libya, including assessments of whether those activities— (A)  have undermined progress towards stabilization of Libya, including the United Nations-led negotiations; 
 (B)  involve United States-origin equipment and violate contractual conditions of acceptable use of such equipment; or 
 (C)  violate or seek to violate the United Nations arms embargo on Libya imposed pursuant to United Nations Security Council Resolution 1970 (2011). 
 
 (6)  A description of any plans to integrate the United States defense and diplomatic resources necessary to implement the strategy. 
 (7)  Any other matters the Secretaries considers appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 133 STAT. 1699