SEC. 1260.  MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLVING THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. (a)  Modification to Annual Report Requirements .— Section 1202 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 ( 10 U.S.C. 113 note )  is amended  as follows: (1)  Consultation. In subsection (a), by  inserting  “ , in consultation with the heads of other Federal departments and agencies as appropriate, ” after “ the Secretary of Defense ”. 
 (2)  In subsection (b)— 133 STAT. 1678 (A)  by  amending  paragraph (26) to read as follows: “(26)  Assessments. The relationship between Chinese overseas investment, including the Belt and Road Initiative, the Digital Silk Road, and any state-owned or controlled digital or physical infrastructure projects of China, and Chinese security and military strategy objectives, including— “(A)  an assessment of the Chinese investments or projects likely, or with significant potential, to be converted into military assets of China; 
 “(B)  an assessment of the Chinese investments or projects of greatest concern with respect to United States national security interests; 
 “(C)  a description of any Chinese investment or project located in another country that is linked to military cooperation with such country, such as cooperation on satellite navigation or arms production; 
 “(D)  an assessment of any Chinese investment, project, or associated agreement in or with another country that presents significant financial risk for the country or may undermine the sovereignty of such country; and 
 “(E)  an assessment of the implications for United States military or governmental interests related to denial of access, compromised intelligence activities, and network advantages of Chinese investments or projects in other countries.” 
 
 ; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following: “(29)  Assessment. Developments relating to the China Coast Guard, including an assessment of— “(A)  how the change in the Guard’s command structure to report to China’s Central Military Commission affects the Guard’s status as a law enforcement entity; 
 “(B)  the implications of such command structure with respect to the use of the Guard as a coercive tool to conduct ‘gray zone’ activities in the East China Sea and the South China Sea; and 
 “(C)  how the change in such command structure may affect interactions between the Guard and the United States Navy. 
 
 “(30)  Assessment. An assessment of the military-to-military relations between China and Russia, including an identification of mutual and competing interests. 
 “(31)  Assessment. An assessment of China’s expansion of its surveillance state, including— “(A)  any correlation of such expansion with its oppression of its citizens or its threat to United States national security interests around the world; and 
 “(B)  an overview of the extent to which such surveillance corresponds to an overall respect, or lack thereof, for human rights in China, especially for religious and ethnic minorities.” 
 
 . 
 
 (3)  In subsection (c)— (A)  by  striking  “ and the ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ , the ”; 
 (B)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ of the Senate. ” and  inserting  “ , and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. ”; and 133 STAT. 1679 
 (C)  in paragraph (2), by  striking  “ Committee on International Relations of the House of Representatives. ” and  inserting  “ Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. ” 
 
 
 (b)  Additional Defined Term .— Such section 1202, as so amended, is further amended by  adding  at the end the following: “(d)  State-owned or Controlled Digital or Physical Infrastructure Project of China .— “(1)  Definition. In general .— For purposes of subsection (b)(26), the term ‘ state-owned or controlled digital or physical infrastructure project of China ’ means a transportation, energy, or information technology infrastructure project that is— “(A)  owned, controlled, under the direct or indirect influence of, or subsidized by— “(i)  the Government of the People’s Republic of China, including any agency within such Government and any subdivision or other unit of government at any level of jurisdiction within China; 
 “(ii)  any agent or instrumentality of such Government, including such agencies or subdivisions; or 
 “(iii)  the Chinese Communist Party; or 
 
 “(B)  a project of any Chinese company operating in a sector identified as a strategic industry in the Chinese Government’s ‘Made in China 2025’ strategy to make China a ‘manufacturing power’ as a core national interest. 
 
 “(2)  Definition. Owned; controlled .— For purposes paragraph (1)(A), with respect to a project— “(A)  the term ‘ owned ’ means a majority or controlling interest, whether by value or voting interest, in that project, including through fiduciaries, agents, or other means; and 
 “(B)  the term ‘ controlled ’ means the power by any means to determine or influence, directly or indirectly, important matters affecting the project, regardless of the level of ownership and whether or not that power is exercised.” 
 
 
 .