SEC. 1613.  ANNUAL REPORT ON SPACE COMMAND AND CONTROL PROGRAM. (a)  Reports Required .— (1)  Initial report .— Not later than May 1, 2020, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the congressional defense committees, and the Comptroller General of the United States, a report on the Space Command and Control program for fiscal year 2021. 
 (2)  Subsequent reports .— For each of fiscal years 2022 through 2025, concurrent with the submittal to Congress of the budget of the Department of Defense with the budget of the President for the subsequent fiscal year under  section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code , the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the congressional defense committees, and the Comptroller General of the United States, an annual report on the Space Command and Control program. 
 
 (b)  Matters to Be Included .— Each report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  A description of any modification to the metrics established by the Secretary in the acquisition strategy for the program. 
 (2)  The short-term objectives for the subsequent fiscal year. 
 (3)  For the preceding fiscal year— (A)  a description of— (i)  the ongoing, achieved, and deferred objectives; 
 (ii)  the challenges encountered and the lessons learned; 
 (iii)  the modifications made or planned so as to incorporate such lessons learned into subsequent efforts to address challenges; and 
 (iv)  the cost, schedule, and performance effects of such modifications; and 
 
 (B)  Survey. a full survey of combatant command requirements, including Commanders’ Integrated Priorities Lists, and impacts with respect to the program. 
 
 (4)  A description of potential future combatant command requirements being considered with respect to the program. 
 
 (c)  Review of Reports and Briefing by Comptroller General .— With respect to each report submitted under this section, the Comptroller General shall review and provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on a date mutually agreed on by the Comptroller General and the congressional defense committees.