SEC. 1711.  ANNUAL REPORT ON JOINT MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT OPERATIONS WEB OPERATIONS CENTER. (a)  In General .— Not later than March 1 of 2020, and each subsequent year until the termination date specified in subsection (c), the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and  133 STAT. 1802 
Low-Intensity Conflict and the Commander of United States Special Operations Command shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the activities of the Joint Military Information Support Operations Web Operations Center (hereinafter referred to as the “ JMWC ”) during the most recently concluded fiscal year. 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include each of the following, for the fiscal year covered by the report: (1)  Definitions of initial operating capability and full operational capability as such terms relate to the JMWC. 
 (2)  A detailed description of all activities conducted or planned to be conducted toward achieving initial operating capability and full operational capability of the JMWC. 
 (3)  List. A list of all associated funding requested for each program element for achieving initial operating capability and full operational capability. 
 (4)  A detailed description of validated doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel, facilities, and policy requirements relating to establishment and operation of the JMWC. 
 (5)  A description of current JMWC capabilities, including information technology infrastructure and contractual arrangements. 
 (6)  List. A list of all physical locations hosting JMWC capabilities. 
 (7)  The number of military, contractor, and civilian personnel associated with the JMWC and any affiliated agency, service, or other Department of Defense entity. 
 (8)  A description of the JMWC personnel organizational structure. 
 (9)  An identification of inherently governmental functions relating to administration of the JMWC and execution of Military Information Support Operations (hereinafter referred to as “MISO)” programs enabled by the JMWC. 
 (10)  A detailed description of frameworks, metrics, and capabilities to measure the effectiveness of MISO programs enabled by the JMWC. 
 (11)  List. A list of all associated funding requested by program element from each of the geographic combatant commanders for MISO programs enabled by the JMWC and a description of such MISO activities. 
 (12)  Assessment. An assessment of the effectiveness of MISO programs enabled by the JMWC. 
 (13)  A description of efforts and activities conducted to share best practices and leverage lessons learned across the Department of Defense relating to MISO programs enabled by the JMWC, as well as a description of such best practices and lessons learned. 
 (14)  An identification of liaisons and detailees to the JMWC from agencies and elements of the Department of Defense and other elements of the Federal Government. 
 (15)  Activities and efforts conducted to synchronize and deconflict MISO programs within the Department of Defense and with interagency and international partners related to strategic communications, as appropriate. 133 STAT. 1803 
 (16)  Such other information as the Assistant Secretary and the Commander determine appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Termination .— The requirement to submit a report under this section shall terminate on January 1, 2025.