SEC. 1039.  REPORT ON EXPANDING NAVAL VESSEL MAINTENANCE. (a)  Report Required .— Not later than May 1, 2020, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of allowing maintenance to be performed on a naval vessel at a shipyard other than a homeport shipyard of the vessel. 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An assessment of the ability of homeport shipyards to meet the current naval vessel maintenance demands. 
 (2)  An assessment of the ability of homeport shipyards to meet the naval vessel maintenance demands of the force structure assessment requirement of the Navy for a 355-ship navy. 
 (3)  An assessment of the ability of non-homeport firms to augment repair work at homeport shipyards, including an assessment of the following: (A)  The capability and proficiency of shipyards in the Great Lakes, Gulf Coast, East Coast, West Coast, and Alaska regions to perform technical repair work on naval vessels at locations other than their homeports. 
 (B)  The improvements to the capability and capacity of shipyards in the Great Lakes, Gulf Coast, East Coast, West Coast, and Alaska regions that would be required to enable performance of technical repair work on naval vessels at locations other than their homeports. 133 STAT. 1585 
 (C)  The types of naval vessels (such as noncombatant vessels or vessels that only need limited periods of time in shipyards) best suited for repair work performed by shipyards in locations other than their homeports. 
 (D)  The potential benefits to fleet readiness of expanding shipyard repair work to include shipyards not located at the homeports of naval vessels. 
 (E)  The ability of non-homeport firms to maintain surge capacity when homeport shipyards lack the capacity or capability to meet homeport requirements. 
 
 (4)  An assessment of the potential benefits of expanding repair work for naval vessels to shipyards not eligible for short-term work in accordance with  section 8669a(c) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (5)  Such other related matters as the Secretary of the Navy considers appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Rules of Construction .— (1)  Requirements relating to construction of combatant and escort vessels and assignment of vessel projects .— Nothing in this section may be construed to override the requirements of  section 8669a of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  No funding for shipyards of non-homeport firms .— Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize funding for shipyards of non-homeport firms. 
 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Homeport shipyard .— The term “ homeport shipyard ” means a shipyard associated with a firm capable of being awarded short-term work at the homeport of a naval vessel in accordance with  section 8669a(c) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  Short-term work .— The term “ short-term work ” has the meaning given that term in section 8669a(c)(4) of such title.