SEC. 1732.  Time periods. ESTABLISHMENT OF LEAD INSPECTOR GENERAL FOR AN OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATION BASED ON SECRETARY OF DEFENSE NOTIFICATION. (a)  Notification on Commencement of OCO .— Section 113 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: 133 STAT. 1817 
 “(n)  Notification of Certain Overseas Contingency Operations for Purposes of Inspector General Act of 1978 .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide the Chair of the Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency written notification of the commencement or designation of a military operation as an overseas contingency operation upon the earlier of— “(1)  Determination. a determination by the Secretary that the overseas contingency operation is expected to exceed 60 days; or 
 “(2)  the date on which the overseas contingency operation exceeds 60 days.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Establishment of Lead Inspector General Based on Notification .— Section 8L of the Inspector General Act of 1978 ( 5 U.S.C. App. )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a)— (A)  by  striking  “ Upon the commencement ” and all that follows through “ the Chair ” and  inserting  “ The Chair ”; and 
 (B)  by  inserting  before the period at the end the following:  “upon the earlier of— “(1)  the commencement or designation of a military operation as an overseas contingency operation that exceeds 60 days; or 
 “(2)  receipt of a notification under  section 113(n) of title 10, United States Code , with respect to an overseas contingency operation” 
 ; and 
 
 (2)  in subsection (d)(1), by  striking  “ the commencement or designation of the military operation concerned as an overseas contingency operation that exceeds 60 days ” and  inserting   “the earlier of— “(A)  the commencement or designation of the military operation concerned as an overseas contingency operation that exceeds 60 days; or 
 “(B)  receipt of a notification under  section 113(n) of title 10, United States Code , with respect to an overseas contingency operation” 
 .