SEC. 2805.  10 USC 2802 note . MODIFICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FORM 1391 REGARDING CONSIDERATION OF POTENTIAL LONG-TERM ADVERSE ENVIRONMENTAL EFFECTS. (a)  Modification .— (1)  Certification requirement .— The Secretary of Defense shall modify Department of Defense Form 1391 to require, with respect to any proposed major or minor military construction project requiring congressional notification or approval, the inclusion of a certification by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of the military department concerned that the proposed military construction project takes into consideration— (A)  the potential adverse consequences of long-term changes in environmental conditions, such as increasingly frequent extreme weather events, that could affect the military installation resilience of the installation for which the military construction project is proposed; and 
 (B)  building requirements in effect for the locality in which the military construction project is proposed and industry best practices that are developed to withstand extreme weather events and other consequences of changes in environmental conditions. 
 
 (2)  Elements of certification .— As part of the certification required by paragraph (1) for a proposed military construction project, the Secretary concerned shall identify the potential changes in environmental conditions, such as increasingly frequent extreme weather events, considered and addressed under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1). 
 
 (b)  Relation to Recent Modification Requirement .— The modification of Department of Defense Form 1391 required by subsection (a) is in addition to, and expands upon, the modification of Department of Defense Form 1391 with respect to flood risk disclosure for military construction required by section 2805(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( division B of Public Law 115–232 ;  132 Stat. 2262 ;  10 U.S.C. 2802 note ). 
 (c)  Military Installation Resilience Defined .— In this section, the term “ military installation resilience ” has the meaning given that term in  section 101(e)(8) of title 10, United States Code .