SEC. 2851.  16 USC 410dddd . WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE LAND ENHANCEMENTS. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Map .— The term “ Map ” means the map entitled “White Sands National Park Proposed Boundary Revision & Transfer of Lands Between National Park Service & Department of the Army”, numbered 142/136,271, and dated February 14, 2017. 
 (2)  Military munitions .— The term “ military munitions ” has the meaning given the term in  section 101(e) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (3)  Missile range .— The term “ missile range ” means the White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico, administered by the Secretary of the Army. 
 (4)  Monument .— The term “ Monument ” means the White Sands National Monument, New Mexico, established by Presidential Proclamation No. 2025 ( 54 U.S.C. 320301 note ), dated January 18, 1933, and administered by the Secretary of the Interior. 
 (5)  Munitions debris .— The term “ munitions debris ” has the meaning given the term in volume 8 of the Department of Defense Manual Number 6055.09-M entitled “DoD Ammunitions and Explosives Safety Standards” and dated February 29, 2008 (as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act). 
 (6)  Park .— The term “ Park ” means the White Sands National Park established by subsection (b)(1). 
 (7)  Public land order .— The term “ Public Land Order ” means Public Land Order 833, dated May 21, 1952 ( 17 Fed. Reg. 4822 ). 
 (8)  State .— The term “ State ” means the State of New Mexico. 
 
 (b)  White Sands National Park .— (1)  Historic preservation. Establishment .— To protect, preserve, and restore its scenic, scientific, educational, natural, geological, historical, cultural, archaeological, paleontological, hydrological, fish, wildlife, and recreational values and to enhance visitor experiences, there is established in the State the White Sands National Park as a unit of the National Park System. 
 (2)  Abolishment of white sands national monument .— (A)  Abolishment .— Due to the establishment of the Park, the Monument is abolished. 
 (B)  Incorporation .— The land and interests in land that comprise the Monument are incorporated in, and shall be considered to be part of, the Park. 133 STAT. 1896 
 
 (3)  References .— Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the “White Sands National Monument” shall be considered to be a reference to the “White Sands National Park”. 
 (4)  Availability of funds .— Any funds available for the Monument shall be available for the Park. 
 (5)  Administration .— The Secretary of the Interior shall administer the Park in accordance with— (A)  this subsection; and 
 (B)  the laws generally applicable to units of the National Park System, including section 100101(a), chapter 1003, sections 100751(a), 100752, 100753, and 102101, and  chapter 3201 of title 54, United States Code . 
 
 (6)  World heritage list nomination .— (A)  County concurrence .— The Secretary of the Interior shall not submit a nomination for the Park to be included on the World Heritage List of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization unless each county in which the Park is located concurs in the nomination. 
 (B)  Army notification .— Before submitting a nomination for the Park to be included on the World Heritage List of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the Secretary of the Interior shall notify the Secretary of the Army of the intent of the Secretary of the Interior to nominate the Park. 
 
 (7)  Effect .— Nothing in this subsection affects— (A)  valid existing rights (including water rights); 
 (B)  permits or contracts issued by the Monument; 
 (C)  existing agreements, including agreements with the Department of Defense; 
 (D)  the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense regarding the restricted airspace above the Park; or 
 (E)  the airshed classification of the Park under the Clean Air Act ( 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq. ). 
 
 
 (c)  Modification of Boundaries of White Sands National Park and White Sands Missile Range .— (1)  Transfers of administrative jurisdiction .— (A)  Transfer of administrative jurisdiction to the secretary of the interior .— (i)  In general .— Administrative jurisdiction over the land described in clause (ii) is transferred from the Secretary of the Army to the Secretary of the Interior. 
 (ii)  Description of land .— The land referred to in clause (i) is— (I)  the approximately 2,826 acres of land identified as “To NPS, lands inside current boundary” on the Map; and 
 (II)  the approximately 5,766 acres of land identified as “To NPS, new additions” on the Map. 
 
 
 (B)  Transfer of administrative jurisdiction to the secretary of the army .— (i)  In general .— Administrative jurisdiction over the land described in clause (ii) is transferred from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of the Army. 133 STAT. 1897 
 (ii)  Description of land .— The land referred to in clause (i) is the approximately 3,737 acres of land identified as “To DOA” on the Map. 
 
 
 (2)  Boundary modifications .— (A)  Park .— (i)  In general .— The boundary of the Park is revised to reflect the boundary depicted on the Map. 
 (ii)  Map .— (I)  In general .— The Secretary of the Interior, in coordination with the Secretary of the Army, shall prepare and keep on file for public inspection in the appropriate office of the Secretary of the Interior a map and a legal description of the revised boundary of the Park. 
 (II)  Effect .— The map and legal description under subclause (I) shall have the same force and effect as if included in this section, except that the Secretary of the Interior may correct clerical and typographical errors in the map and legal description. 
 
 (iii)  Boundary survey .— As soon as practicable after the date of the establishment of the Park and subject to the availability of funds, the Secretary of the Interior shall complete an official boundary survey of the Park. 
 
 (B)  Missile range .— (i)  In general .— The boundary of the missile range and the Public Land Order are modified to exclude the land transferred to the Secretary of the Interior under paragraph (1)(A) and to include the land transferred to the Secretary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B). 
 (ii)  Map .— The Secretary of the Interior shall prepare a map and legal description depicting the revised boundary of the missile range. 
 
 (C)  Repeal. Conforming amendment .— Section 2854 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 ( Public Law 104–201 ;  54 U.S.C. 320301 note ) is  repealed . 
 
 (3)  Administration .— (A)  Park .— The Secretary of the Interior shall administer the land transferred under paragraph (1)(A) in accordance with laws (including regulations) applicable to the Park. 
 (B)  Missile range .— Subject to subparagraph (C), the Secretary of the Army shall administer the land transferred to the Secretary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B) as part of the missile range. 
 (C)  Infrastructure; resource management .— (i)  Range road 7 .— (I)  Infrastructure management .— To the maximum extent practicable, in planning, constructing, and managing infrastructure on the land described in subclause (III), the Secretary of the Army shall apply low-impact development techniques and strategies to prevent impacts within the missile range and the Park from stormwater runoff from the land described in that subclause. 133 STAT. 1898 
 (II)  Resource management .— The Secretary of the Army shall— (aa)  manage the land described in subclause (III) in a manner consistent with the protection of natural and cultural resources within the missile range and the Park and in accordance with section 101(a)(1)(B) of the Sikes Act ( 16 U.S.C. 670a(a)(1)(B) ),  division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code , and the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act ( 25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq. ); and 
 (bb)  include the land described in subclause (III) in the integrated natural and cultural resource management plan for the missile range. 
 
 (III)  Description of land .— The land referred to in subclauses (I) and (II) is the land that is transferred to the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Army under paragraph (1)(B) and located in the area east of Range Road 7 in— (aa)  T. 17 S., R. 5 E., sec. 31; 
 (bb)  T. 18 S., R. 5 E.; and 
 (cc)  T. 19 S., R. 5 E., sec. 5. 
 
 
 (ii)  Determination. Fence .— (I)  In general .— The Secretary of the Army shall continue to allow the Secretary of the Interior to maintain the fence shown on the Map until such time as the Secretary of the Interior determines that the fence is unnecessary for the management of the Park. 
 (II)  Removal .— If the Secretary of the Interior determines that the fence is unnecessary for the management of the Park under subclause (I), the Secretary of the Interior shall promptly remove the fence at the expense of the Department of the Interior. 
 
 
 (D)  Contracts. Research .— The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Interior may enter into an agreement to allow the Secretary of the Interior to conduct certain research in the area identified as “Cooperative Use Research Area” on the Map. 
 (E)  Military munitions and munitions debris .— (i)  Response action .— With respect to any Federal liability, the Secretary of the Army shall remain responsible for any response action addressing military munitions or munitions debris on the land transferred under paragraph (1)(A) to the same extent as on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (ii)  Investigation of military munitions and munitions debris .— (I)  In general .— The Secretary of the Interior may request that the Secretary of the Army conduct 1 or more investigations of military munitions or munitions debris on any land transferred under paragraph (1)(A). 133 STAT. 1899 
 (II)  Access .— The Secretary of the Interior shall give access to the Secretary of the Army to the land covered by a request under subclause (I) for the purposes of conducting the 1 or more investigations under that subclause. 
 (III)  Limitation .— An investigation conducted under this clause shall be subject to available appropriations. 
 
 (iii)  Applicable law .— Any activities undertaken under this subparagraph shall be carried out in accordance with— (I)  the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ); 
 (II)  the purposes for which the Park was established; and 
 (III)  any other applicable law.