SEC. 2802.  IMPROVED CONSULTATION WITH TRIBAL GOVERNMENTS WHEN PROPOSED MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS POTENTIALLY IMPACT INDIAN TRIBES.    Section 2802 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(f) (1)  Determinations. In addition to any other applicable consultation requirement pursuant to law or Department of Defense policy, if a proposed military construction project is likely to significantly impact tribal lands, known sacred sites, or tribal treaty rights, the Secretary concerned shall initiate consultation with the tribal government of each impacted Indian tribe— “(A)  to determine the nature and extent of such impact; 
 “(B)  to determine whether such impact can be avoided or mitigated in the design and implementation of the project; and 
 “(C)  if such impact cannot be avoided, to develop feasible measures consistent with applicable law to mitigate the impact and estimate the cost of the mitigation measures. 
 
 “(2)  As part of the Department of Defense Form 1391 submitted to the appropriate committees of Congress for a military construction project covered by paragraph (1), the Secretary concerned, to the extent possible at the time of such submission, shall include a description of the current status of the consultation conducted under such paragraph and specifically address each of the items specified in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of such paragraph. 
 “(3)  The requirement under paragraph (1) does not affect the obligation of the Secretary concerned to comply with any other applicable consultation requirement pursuant to law or Department of Defense policy. 
 “(4)  Definitions. In this subsection: “(A)  The term ‘ Indian tribe ’ has the meaning given that term in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assistance Act ( 25 U.S.C. 5304 ). 
 “(B)  The term ‘ tribal government ’ means the recognized governing body of an Indian tribe. 
 “(C)  The term ‘ sacred site ’ has the meaning given that term in Executive Order No. 13007, as in effect on the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020.” 
 
 
 . 133 STAT. 1882