SEC. 2831.  LAND CONVEYANCE, HILL AIR FORCE BASE, OGDEN, UTAH. (a)  Conveyance Required .— The Secretary of the Air Force may convey, for no monetary consideration, to the State of Utah or a designee of the State of Utah (in this section referred to as the “State”) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 35 acres located at Hill Air Force Base commonly known as the “Defense Nontactical Generator and Rail Center” and such real property adjacent to the Center as the parties consider to be appropriate, for the purpose of permitting the State to construct a new interchange for Interstate 15. 
 (b)  Condition Precedent .— The conveyance authorized by subsection (a) shall be contingent upon the relocation of the Defense Nontactical Generator and Rail Center. 
 (c)  Termination and Reentry .— If the State does not meet the conditions required under subsection (d) by the date that is five years after the date of the conveyance authorized by subsection (a), or such later date as the Secretary of the Air Force and the State may agree is reasonably necessary due to unexpected circumstances, the Secretary of the Air Force may terminate such conveyance and reenter the property. 
 (d)  Deadlines. Consideration and Conditions of Conveyance .— In consideration of and as a condition to the conveyance authorized by subsection (a), the State shall agree to the following: (1)  Not later than two years after the conveyance, the State shall, at no cost to the United States Government— (A)  demolish all improvements and associated infrastructure existing on the property; and 
 (B)  conduct environmental cleanup and remediation of the property, as required by law and approved by the  133 STAT. 1890 
Utah Department of Environmental Quality, for the planned redevelopment and use of the property. 
 
 (2)  Not later than three years after the completion of the cleanup and remediation under paragraph (1)(B), the State, at no cost to the United States Government, shall construct on Hill Air Force Base a new gate for vehicular and pedestrian traffic in and out of Hill Air Force Base in compliance with all applicable construction and security requirements and such other requirements as the Secretary of the Air Force may consider necessary. 
 (3)  Coordination. That the State shall coordinate the demolition, cleanup, remediation, design, redevelopment, and construction activities performed pursuant to the conveyance under subsection (a) with the Secretary of the Air Force, the Utah Department of Transportation, and the Utah Department of Environmental Quality. 
 
 (e)  Environmental Obligations .— The State shall not have any obligation with respect to cleanup and remediation of an environmental condition on the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) unless the condition was in existence and known before the date of the conveyance or the State exacerbates the condition which then requires further remediation. 
 (f)  Payment of Costs of Conveyance .— (1)  Payment required .— The Secretary of the Air Force shall require the State to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, and other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the State in advance of the Secretary incurring actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the State. 
 (2)  Treatment of amounts received .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance under subsection (a) or to an appropriate fund or account currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
 
 (g)  Determination. Survey. Description of Property .— The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Air Force and the State. 
 (h)  Savings Provision .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect or limit the application of, or any obligation to comply with, any environmental law, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 ( 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. ) and the Solid Waste Disposal Act ( 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq. ). 133 STAT. 1891