SEC. 2865.  10 USC 2802 note . PILOT PROGRAM TO EXTEND SERVICE LIFE OF ROADS AND RUNWAYS UNDER THE JURISDICTION OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. (a)  Consultation. Pilot Program Authorized .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, may carry out a pilot program to design, build, and test technologies, techniques, and materials in order to extend the service life of roads and runways under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of Defense. 
 (b)  Scope .— The pilot program under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  The design, testing, and assembly of technologies and systems suitable for pavement applications. 
 (2)  Research and development. Research, development, and testing of pavement materials for use in different geographic areas in the United States. 133 STAT. 1902 
 (3)  The design and procurement of platforms and equipment to test the performance, cost, feasibility, and effectiveness of the technologies, systems, and materials described in paragraphs (1) and (2). 
 
 (c)  Award of Contracts or Grants .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense may carry out the pilot program under subsection (a) through the award of contracts or grants for the designing, building, or testing of technologies, techniques, and materials under the pilot program. 
 (2)  Merit-based selection .— Any award of a contract or grant under the pilot program under subsection (a) shall be made using merit-based selection procedures. 
 
 (d)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than two years after the commencement of the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program. 
 (2)  Contents .— The report under paragraph (1) with respect to the pilot program shall include the following: (A)  Assessment. An assessment of the effectiveness of activities under the pilot program in improving the service life of roads and runways under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. 
 (B)  Analysis. An analysis of the potential lifetime cost savings and reduction in energy demands associated with the extended service life of such roads and runways. 
 
 
 (e)  Termination of Authority .— The pilot program under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2024.