SEC. 213.  ESTABLISHMENT OF JOINT RESERVE DETACHMENT OF THE DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT. (a)  In General .— (1)  Establishment of joint reserve detachment of the defense innovation unit .— Chapter 139 of title 10, United  133 STAT. 1256 
States Code,  is amended  by  inserting  after section 2358a the following new section: “§ 2358b. 10 USC 2358b .  Joint reserve detachment of the Defense Innovation Unit “(a)  Consultation. Establishment .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, may establish a joint reserve detachment (referred to in this section as the ‘Detachment’) composed of members of the reserve components described in subsection (b) to be assigned to each office of the Defense Innovation Unit to— “(1)  support engagement and collaboration with private-sector industry and the community surrounding the location of such office; and 
 “(2)  to accelerate the use and adoption of commercially-developed technologies for national security purposes. 
 
 “(b)  Members .— Each Secretary of a military department shall select for the Detachment, and make efforts to retain, members of the reserve components who possess relevant private-sector experience in the fields of business, acquisition, intelligence, engineering, technology transfer, science, mathematics, program management, logistics, cybersecurity, or such other fields as determined by the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. 
 “(c)  Duties .— The Detachment shall have the following duties: “(1)  Providing the Department of Defense with— “(A)  expertise on and analysis of commercially-developed technologies; 
 “(B)  commercially-developed technologies to be used as alternatives for technologies in use by the Department; and 
 “(C)  opportunities for greater engagement and collaboration between the Department and private-sector industry on innovative technologies. 
 
 “(2)  On an ongoing basis— “(A)  partnering with the military departments, the combatant commands, and other Department of Defense organizations to— “(i)  identify and rapidly prototype commercially-developed technologies; and 
 “(ii)  use alternative contracting mechanisms to procure such technologies; 
 
 “(B)  increasing awareness of— “(i)  the work of the Defense Innovation Unit; and 
 “(ii)  the technology requirements of the Department of Defense as identified in the National Defense Science and Technology Strategy developed under section 218 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ;  132 Stat. 1679 ); and 
 
 “(C)  using the investment in research and development made by private-sector industry in assessing and developing dual-use technologies. 
 
 “(3)  Carrying out other activities as directed by the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. 
 
 “(d)  Joint Duty .— Assignment to a Detachment shall not qualify as a joint duty assignment, as defined in section 668(b)(1)  133 STAT. 1257 
of  title 10, United States Code , unless approved by the Secretary of Defense.” 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter 10 USC 2351  prec.   is amended  by  inserting  after the item relating to section 2358a the following new item: 
 
 “2358b.  
 Joint reserve detachment of the Defense Innovation Unit.”. 
 
 
 
 (b)  Consultation. Implementation Report .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in consultation with the Director of the Defense Innovation Unit and the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1)  Organizational plan. Cost estimates. an organizational plan and the estimated costs for establishing the joint reserve detachment required under  section 2358b of title 10, United States Code  (as added by subsection (a)); and 
 (2)  Timeline. a timeline specifying when such detachment will attain initial operational capability and full operational capability, respectively.