SEC. 227.  10 USC 2521 note . ADMINISTRATION OF MANUFACTURING INNOVATION INSTITUTES FUNDED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall make such changes to the administration of covered institutes so as— (1)  to encourage covered institutes to leverage existing workforce development programs across the Federal Government and State governments in order to build successful workforce development programs; 
 (2)  Evaluation. to develop metrics to evaluate the workforce development performed by the covered institutes, including metrics on job quality, career pathways, wages and benefits, and efforts to support veterans, and progress in aligning workforce skillsets with the current and long-term needs of the Department of Defense and the defense industrial base; 
 (3)  Updates. Evaluation. to allow metrics to vary between covered institutes and be updated and evaluated continuously in order to more accurately evaluate covered institutes with different goals and missions; 
 (4)  to encourage covered institutes to consider developing technologies that were previously funded by Federal Government investment for early-stage research and development and expand cross-government coordination and collaboration to achieve this goal; 
 (5)  to provide an opportunity for increased Department of Defense input and oversight from senior-level military and civilian personnel on future technology roadmaps produced by covered institutes; 
 (6)  to reduce the barriers to collaboration between and among multiple covered institutes; 
 (7)  to use contracting vehicles that can increase flexibility, reduce barriers for contracting with subject-matter experts and small and medium enterprises, enhance partnerships between covered institutes, and reduce the time to award contracts at covered institutes; and 
 (8)  to overcome barriers to the adoption of manufacturing processes and technologies developed by the covered institutes by the defense and commercial industrial base, particularly small and medium enterprises, by engaging with public and private sector partnerships and appropriate government programs and activities, including the Hollings Manufacturing Extension Partnership. 
 
 (b)  Coordination With Other Activities .— The Secretary shall carry out this section in coordination with activities undertaken under— (1)  the Manufacturing Technology Program established under  section 2521 of title 10, United States Code ; 
 (2)  the Manufacturing Engineering Education Program established under section 2196 of such title; 
 (3)  the Defense Manufacturing Community Support Program established under section 846 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ); 
 (4)  manufacturing initiatives of the Secretary of Commerce, the head of the National Office of the Manufacturing USA Network, the Secretary of Energy, and such other government and private sector organizations as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate; and 133 STAT. 1271 
 (5)  such other activities as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Definition of Covered Institute .— In this section, the term “ covered institute ” means a manufacturing innovation institute that is funded by the Department of Defense.