SEC. 2834.  TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDICTION OVER CERTAIN PARCELS OF FEDERAL LAND IN ARLINGTON, VIRGINIA. (a)  38 USC 2409 note . Transfer to the Secretary of the Army .— (1)  Transfer .— Administrative jurisdiction over the parcel of Federal land described in paragraph (2) is transferred from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of the Army. 
 (2)  Description of land .— The parcel of Federal land referred to in paragraph (1) is the approximately 16.09-acre parcel of land in Arlington, Virginia, as depicted on the map entitled “Arlington National Cemetery, Memorial Ave–NPS Parcel” and dated February 11, 2019. 
 
 (b)  Transfer to the Secretary of the Interior .— (1)  Transfer .— Administrative jurisdiction over the parcel of Federal land described in paragraph (2) is transferred from the Secretary of the Army to the Secretary of the Interior. 
 (2)  Description of land .— The parcel of Federal land referred to in paragraph (1) is the approximately 1.04-acre parcel of land in Arlington, Virginia, as depicted on the map entitled “Arlington National Cemetery–Chaffee NPS Land Swap” and dated October 31, 2018. 
 
 (c)  Determination. Land Surveys .— The exact acreage and legal description of a parcel of Federal land described in subsection (a)(2) or (b)(2) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Interior. 
 (d)  Authority to Correct Errors .— The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Interior may correct any clerical or typographical error in a map described in subsection (a)(2) or (b)(2). 
 (e)  Terms and Conditions .— (1)  No reimbursement or consideration .— A transfer by subsection (a)(1) or (b)(1) shall be without reimbursement or consideration. 
 (2)  Continued recreational access .— The use of a bicycle trail or recreational access within a parcel of Federal land described in subsection (a)(2) or (b)(2) in which the use or access is authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act shall be allowed to continue after the transfer of the applicable parcel of Federal land by subsection (a)(1) or (b)(1). 
 (3)  Management of parcel transferred to secretary of the army .— 133 STAT. 1894 
 (A)  38 USC 2409 note . In general .— The parcel of Federal land transferred to the Secretary of the Army by subsection (a)(1) shall be administered by the Secretary of the Army— (i)  as part of Arlington National Cemetery; and 
 (ii)  in accordance with applicable law, including— (I)  regulations; and 
 (II)  section 2409 of title 38, United States Code . 
 
 
 (B)  Women in Military Service for America Memorial Foundation, Inc. 40 USC 8903 note . Memorandum of understanding on operation of maintenance of memorial .— (i)  In general .— The Secretary of the Army shall seek to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Women in Military Service for America Memorial Foundation, Inc., to define roles and responsibilities for the shared responsibility and resources for operation and maintenance of the Women in Military Service for America Memorial and the surrounding grounds. 
 (ii)  Allocation of amounts .— The Secretary of the Army may, pursuant to the memorandum of understanding described in clause (i), allocate amounts to the foundation described in that clause to support operation and maintenance of the memorial described in that clause. 
 
 
 (4)  54 USC 320201 note . Management of parcel transferred to secretary of the interior .— The parcel of Federal land transferred to the Secretary of the Interior by subsection (b)(1) shall be— (A)  included within the boundary of Arlington House, The Robert E. Lee Memorial; and 
 (B)  administered by the Secretary of the Interior— (i)  as part of the memorial referred to in subparagraph (A); and 
 (ii)  in accordance with applicable law (including regulations).