SEC. 235.  10 USC 1580 note  prec. TECHNOLOGY AND NATIONAL SECURITY FELLOWSHIP. (a)  Fellowship Program .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, may establish a civilian fellowship program designed to place eligible individuals within the Department of Defense and Congress to increase the number of national security professionals with science, technology, engineering, and mathematics credentials employed by the Department. 
 (2)  Designation .— The fellowship program established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the “Technology and  133 STAT. 1280 
National Security Fellowship” (in this section referred to as the “fellows program”). 
 (3)  Time period. Assignments .— Each individual selected for participation in the fellows program shall be assigned to a one year position within— (A)  the Department of Defense; or 
 (B)  a congressional office with emphasis on defense and national security matters. 
 
 (4)  Pay and benefits .— To the extent practicable, each individual assigned to a position under paragraph (3)— (A)  shall be compensated at a rate of basic pay that is equivalent to the rate of basic pay payable for a position at level 10 of the General Schedule; and 
 (B)  shall be treated as an employee of the United States during the assignment. 
 
 
 (b)  Eligible Individuals .— (1)  Eligibility for dod assignment .— Subject to subsection (e), an individual eligible for an assignment in the Department of Defense under subsection (a)(3)(A) is an individual who— (A)  is a citizen of the United States; and 
 (B)  Determinations. either— (i)  Deadline. expects to be awarded a bachelor’s degree, associate’s degree, or graduate degree that, as determined by the Secretary, focuses on science, technology, engineering, or mathematics course work not later than 180 days after the date on which the individual submits an application for participation in the fellows program; 
 (ii)  possesses a bachelor’s degree, associate’s degree, or graduate degree that, as determined by the Secretary, focuses on science, technology, engineering, or mathematics course work; or 
 (iii)  is an employee of the Department of Defense and possesses a bachelor’s degree, associate’s degree, or graduate degree that, as determined by the Secretary, focuses on science, technology, engineering, or mathematics course work. 
 
 
 (2)  Eligibility for congressional assignment .— Subject to subsection (e), an individual eligible for an assignment in a congressional office under subsection (a)(3)(B) is an individual who— (A)  meets the requirements specified in paragraph (1); and 
 (B)  has not less than 3 years of relevant work experience in the field of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics. 
 
 
 (c)  Application .— Each individual seeking to participate in the fellows program shall submit to the Secretary an application therefor at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall specify. 
 (d)  Coordination .— In carrying out this section, the Secretary may consider working through the following entities: (1)  The National Security Innovation Network. 
 (2)  Universities. 
 (3)  Science and technology reinvention laboratories and test and evaluation centers of the Department of Defense. 133 STAT. 1281 
 (4)  Other organizations of the Department of Defense or public and private sector organizations, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
 
 (e)  Modifications to Fellows Program .— The Secretary may modify the terms and procedures of the fellows program in order to better achieve the goals of the program and to support workforce needs of the Department of Defense. 
 (f)  Consultation .— The Secretary may consult with the heads of the agencies, components, and other elements of the Department of Defense, Members and committees of Congress, and such institutions of higher education and private entities engaged in work on national security and emerging technologies as the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the fellows program, including with respect to assignments in the fellows program.