SEC. 229.  10 USC 2358 note . DIVERSIFICATION OF THE RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING WORKFORCE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. (a)  Assessment Required .— (1)  Consultation. In general .— The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, shall conduct an assessment of critical skillsets required across, and the diversity of, the research and engineering workforce of the Department of Defense, including the science and technology reinvention laboratories, to support emerging and future warfighter technologies. 
 (2)  Analyses. Elements .— The assessment required by paragraph (1) shall include analysis of the following: (A)  The percentage of women and minorities employed in the research and engineering workforce of the Department of Defense as of the date of the assessment. 
 (B)  Time period. Of the individuals hired into the research and engineering workforce of the Department in the five years preceding the date of the assessment, the percentage of such individuals who are women and minorities. 133 STAT. 1272 
 (C)  The effectiveness of existing hiring, recruitment, and retention incentives for women and minorities in the research and engineering workforce of the Department. 
 (D)  The effectiveness of the Department in recruiting women and minorities into the laboratory workforce after such individuals complete work on Department-funded research, projects, grant projects, fellowships, and STEM programs. 
 (E)  The geographical diversity of the workforce across various geographic regions. 
 
 
 (b)  Plan Required .— (1)  Consultation. In general .— Based on the results of the assessment conducted under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall develop and implement a plan to diversify and strengthen the research and engineering workforce of the Department of Defense. 
 (2)  Elements .— The plan required by paragraph (1) shall— (A)  align with science and technology strategy priorities of the Department of Defense, including the emerging and future warfighter technology requirements identified by the Department; 
 (B)  except as provided in subsection (c)(2), set forth steps for the implementation of each recommendation included in the 2013 report of the RAND corporation titled “First Steps Toward Improving DoD STEM Workforce Diversity”; 
 (C)  harness the full range of the Department’s STEM programs and other Department sponsored programs to develop and attract top talent; 
 (D)  use existing authorities to attract and retain students, academics, and other talent; 
 (E)  establish and use contracts, agreements, or other arrangements with institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 )), including historically black colleges and universities and other minority-serving institutions (as described in section 371(a) of such Act ( 20 U.S.C. 1067q(a) ) to enable easy and efficient access to research and researchers for Government sponsored basic and applied research and studies at each institution, including contracts, agreements, and other authorized arrangements such as those authorized under— (i)  section 217 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ;  10 U.S.C. 2358 note ); and 
 (ii)  such other authorities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate; and 
 
 (F)  Recommenda- tions. include recommendations for changes in authorities, regulations, policies, or any other relevant areas that would support the achievement of the goals set forth in the plan. 
 
 (3)  Reports. Submittal to congress .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— 133 STAT. 1273 
 (A)  the plan developed under paragraph (1); and 
 (B)  with respect to each recommendation described in paragraph (2)(B) that the Secretary has implemented or expects to implement— (i)  Summary. a summary of actions that have been taken to implement the recommendation; and 
 (ii)  Schedule. a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the recommendation. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Deadline for Implementation .— (1)  In general .— Except as provided in paragraph (2), not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act the Secretary of Defense shall carry out activities to implement the plan developed under subsection (b). 
 (2)  Exception for implementation of certain recommendations .— (A)  Delayed implementation .— The Secretary of Defense may commence implementation of a recommendation described in subsection (b)(2)(B) after the date specified in paragraph (1) if the Secretary provides the congressional defense committees with a specific justification for the delay in implementation of such recommendation on or before such date. 
 (B)  Nonimplementation .— The Secretary of Defense may opt not to implement a recommendation described in subsection (b)(2)(B) if the Secretary provides to the congressional defense committees, on or before the date specified in paragraph (1)— (i)  a specific justification for the decision not to implement the recommendation; and 
 (ii)  Summary. a summary of the alternative actions the Secretary plans to take to address the issues underlying the recommendation. 
 
 
 
 (d)  STEM Defined .— In this section, the term “ STEM ” means science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.