SEC. 251.  MASTER PLAN FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY REINVENTION LABORATORIES. (a)  Consultation. Plan Required .— The Secretary of Defense, jointly with the Secretaries of the military departments and in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall develop a master plan for using existing authorities to strengthen and modernize the workforce and capabilities of the science and technology reinvention laboratories of the Department of Defense (referred to in this section as the “laboratories”) to enhance the ability of the laboratories to execute missions in the most efficient and effective manner. 
 (b)  Summaries. Elements .— The master plan required under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the laboratories, the following: (1)  A summary of hiring and staffing deficiencies at laboratories, by location, and the effect of such deficiencies on the ability of the laboratories— (A)  to meet existing and future requirements of the Department of Defense; and 
 (B)  to recruit and retain qualified personnel. 
 
 (2)  A summary of existing and emerging military research, development, test, and evaluation mission areas requiring the use of the laboratories. 
 (3)  An explanation of the laboratory staffing capabilities required for each mission area identified under paragraph (2). 
 (4)  Identification of specific projects, including hiring efforts and management reforms, that will be carried out— (A)  to address the deficiencies identified in paragraph (1); and 
 (B)  to support the existing and emerging mission areas identified in paragraph (2). 
 
 (5)  For each project identified under paragraph (4)— (A)  a summary of the plan for the project; 
 (B)  a description of the resources that will be applied to the project; and 
 (C)  a schedule of required investments that will be made as part of the project. 
 
 (6)  A description of how the Department, including each military department concerned, will carry out the projects identified in paragraph (4) using existing authorities. 
 (7)  Identification of any statutory, regulatory, or management-related barriers to implementing the master plan and a description of policy and legislative options that may be applied to address such barriers. 
 
 (c)  Consultation .— In developing the master plan required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense, the Secretaries of the military departments, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall consult with— (1)  the Service Acquisition Executives with responsibilities relevant to the laboratories; 
 (2)  the commander of each military command with responsibilities relating to research and engineering that is affected by the master plan; and 133 STAT. 1285 
 (3)  any other officials determined to be relevant by the Secretary of Defense, the Secretaries of the military departments, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. 
 
 (d)  Consultation. Final Report .— Not later than October 30, 2020, the Secretary of Defense, jointly with the Secretaries of the military departments and in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1)  the master plan developed under subsection (a); 
 (2)  a report on the activities carried out under this section; and 
 (3)  a report that identifies any barriers that prevent the full use and implementation of existing authorities, including any barriers presented by the policies, authorities, and activities of— (A)  organizations and elements of the Department of Defense; and 
 (B)  organizations outside the Department.