SEC. 252.  10 USC 2358 note . INFRASTRUCTURE TO SUPPORT RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION MISSIONS. (a)  Coordination. Master Plan Required .— The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall develop and implement a master plan that addresses the research, development, test, and evaluation infrastructure and modernization requirements of the Department of Defense, including the science and technology reinvention laboratories and the facilities of the Major Range and Test Facility Base. 
 (b)  Summaries. Elements .— The master plan required under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the research, development, test, and evaluation infrastructure of the Department of Defense, the following: (1)  A summary of deficiencies in the infrastructure, by location, and the effect of the deficiencies on the ability of the Department— (A)  to meet current and future military requirements identified in the National Defense Strategy; 
 (B)  to support science and technology development and acquisition programs; and 
 (C)  to recruit and train qualified personnel. 
 
 (2)  A summary of existing and emerging military research, development, test, and evaluation mission areas, by location, that require modernization investments in the infrastructure— (A)  to improve operations in a manner that may benefit all users; 
 (B)  to enhance the overall capabilities of the research, development, test, and evaluation infrastructure, including facilities and resources; 
 (C)  to improve safety for personnel and facilities; and 
 (D)  to reduce the long-term cost of operation and maintenance. 
 
 (3)  Identification of specific infrastructure projects that are required to address the infrastructure deficiencies identified under paragraph (1) or to support the existing and emerging mission areas identified under paragraph (2). 133 STAT. 1286 
 (4)  For each project identified under paragraph (3)— (A)  a description of the scope of work; 
 (B)  Cost estimate. a cost estimate; 
 (C)  a summary of the plan for the project; 
 (D)  an explanation of the level of priority that will be given to the project; and 
 (E)  a schedule of required infrastructure investments. 
 
 (5)  A description of how the Department, including each military department concerned, will carry out the infrastructure projects identified in paragraph (3) using the range of authorities and methods available to the Department, including— (A)  military construction authority under  section 2802 of title 10, United States Code ; 
 (B)  unspecified minor military construction authority under section 2805(a) of such title; 
 (C)  laboratory revitalization authority under section 2805(d) of such title; 
 (D)  the authority to carry out facility repair projects, including the conversion of existing facilities, under section 2811 of such title; 
 (E)  the authority provided under the Defense Laboratory Modernization Pilot Program under section 2803 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 ( Public Law 114–92 ;  10 U.S.C. 2358 note ); 
 (F)  methods that leverage funding from entities outside the Department, including public-private partnerships, enhanced use leases and real property exchanges; 
 (G)  the authority to conduct commercial test and evaluation activities at a Major Range and Test Facility Installation, under  section 2681 of title 10, United States Code ; and 
 (H)  any other authorities and methods determined to be appropriate by the Secretary of Defense. 
 
 (6)  Identification of any regulatory or policy barriers to the effective and efficient implementation of the master plan. 
 
 (c)  Consultation and Coordination .— In developing and implementing the plan required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall— (1)  consult with existing and anticipated customers and users of the capabilities of the Major Range and Test Facility Base and science and technology reinvention laboratories; 
 (2)  ensure consistency with the science and technology roadmaps and strategies of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces; and 
 (3)  ensure consistency with the strategic plan for test and evaluation resources required by  section 196(d) of title 10, United States Code . 
 
 (d)  Deadline. Submittal to Congress .— Not later than January 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit to the congressional defense committees the master plan developed under subsection (a). 
 (e)  Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation Infrastructure Defined .— In this section, the term “ research, development, test, and evaluation infrastructure ” means the infrastructure of— (1)  the science and technology reinvention laboratories (as designated under section 1105 of the National Defense  133 STAT. 1287 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 ( Public Law 111–84 ;  10 U.S.C. 2358 note )); 
 (2)  the Major Range and Test Facility Base (as defined in  section 2358a(f)(3) of title 10, United States Code ); and 
 (3)  other facilities that support the research development, test, and evaluation activities of the Department.