SEC. 2832.  RELEASE OF INTERESTS RETAINED IN CAMP JOSEPH T. ROBINSON, ARKANSAS, FOR USE OF SUCH LAND AS A VETERANS CEMETERY. (a)  Release of Retained Interests .— (1)  In general .— With respect to a parcel of land at Camp Joseph T. Robinson, Arkansas, consisting of approximately 141.52 acres that lies in a part of section 35, township 3 north, range 12 west, Pulaski County, Arkansas, and comprising a portion of the property conveyed by the United States to the State of Arkansas for training of the National Guard and for other military purposes pursuant to “An Act authorizing the transfer of part of Camp Joseph T. Robinson to the State of Arkansas”, approved June 30, 1950 ( 64 Stat. 311, chapter 429 ), the Secretary of the Army may release the terms and conditions imposed, and reversionary interests retained, by the United States under section 2 of such Act, and the right to reenter and use the property retained by the United States under section 3 of such Act. 
 (2)  Impact on other rights or interests .— The release of terms and conditions and retained interests under paragraph (1) with respect to the parcel described in such paragraph shall not be construed to alter the rights or interests retained by the United States with respect to the remainder of the real property conveyed to the State of Arkansas under the Act described in such paragraph. 
 
 (b)  Instrument of Release and Description of Property .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of the Army may execute and file in the appropriate office a deed of release, amended deed, or other appropriate instrument reflecting the release of terms and conditions and retained interests under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Determination. Survey. Legal description .— The exact acreage and legal description of the property described in subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Army. 
 
 (c)  Conditions on Release and Reversionary Interest .— (1)  Expansion of veterans cemetery and reversionary interest .— (A)  Expansion of veterans cemetery .— The State of Arkansas may use the parcel of land described in subsection (a)(1) only for the expansion of the Arkansas State Veterans Cemetery. 
 (B)  Determination. Reversionary interest .— If the Secretary of the Army determines at any time that the parcel of land described in subsection (a)(1) is not being used in accordance with the purpose specified in subparagraph (A), all right, title, and interest in and to the land, including any improvements thereto, shall, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of immediate entry onto such parcel. 
 
 (2)  Additional terms and conditions .— The Secretary of the Army may require in the instrument of release such additional terms and conditions in connection with the release of terms and conditions and retained interests under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 133 STAT. 1892 
 
 (d)  Reimbursements. Payment of Administrative Costs .— (1)  Payment required .— (A)  In general .— The Secretary of the Army may require the State of Arkansas to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release of terms and conditions and retained interests under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs related to environmental documentation, and other administrative costs related to the release. 
 (B)  Refund of amounts .— If amounts paid to the Secretary by the State of Arkansas in advance under subparagraph (A) exceed the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the State. 
 
 (2)  Treatment of amounts received .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reimbursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release of terms and conditions and retained interests under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the release. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account.