SEC. 371.  PREVENTION OF ENCROACHMENT ON MILITARY TRAINING ROUTES AND MILITARY OPERATIONS AREAS.    Section 183a of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in subsection (c)(6), in the second sentence— (A)  by  striking  “ radar or airport surveillance radar operated ” and  inserting  “ radar, airport surveillance radar, or wide area surveillance over-the-horizon radar operated ”; and 
 (B)  by  inserting  “ Any setback for a project pursuant to the previous sentence shall not be more than what is determined to be necessary by a technical analysis conducted by the Lincoln Laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology or any successor entity. ” after “ mitigation options. ”; 
 
 (2)  in subsection (d)— (A)  in paragraph (2)(E), by  striking  “ to a Deputy Secretary of Defense, an Under Secretary of Defense, or a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense ” and  inserting  “ to the Deputy Secretary of Defense, an Under Secretary of Defense, or a Deputy Under Secretary of Defense ”; 
 (B)  by  redesignating  paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and 
 (C)  by  inserting  after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (3): “(3)  Recommenda- tions. The governor of a State may recommend to the Secretary of Defense additional geographical areas of concern within that State. Any such recommendation shall be submitted for notice and comment pursuant to paragraph (2)(C).” 
 ; 
 
 (3)  in subsection (e)(3), by  striking  “ an under secretary of defense, or a deputy under secretary of defense ” and  inserting  “ an Under Secretary of Defense, or a Deputy Under Secretary of Defense ”; 
 (4)  in subsection (f), in the first sentence, by  striking  “ from an applicant for a project filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49 ” and  inserting  “ from an entity requesting a review by the Clearinghouse under this section ”; and 
 (5)  in subsection (h)— (A)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (4), (5), (6), (7), and (9), respectively; 
 (B)  by  inserting  after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (3): “(3)  Definition. The term ‘ governor ’, with respect to a State, means the chief executive officer of the State.” 
 ; 
 (C)  in paragraph (7), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by  striking  “ by the Federal Aviation Administration ” and  inserting  “ by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration ”; and 
 (D)  by  inserting  after paragraph (7), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), the following new paragraph: “(8)  Definition. The term ‘ State ’ means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and American Samoa.” 
 . 133 STAT. 1330