SEC. 3134.  IMPROVEMENTS TO ENERGY EMPLOYEES OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION PROGRAM ACT OF 2000. (a)  Office of Ombudsman .— Section 3686 of the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 ( 42 U.S.C. 7385s–15 )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (c)— (A)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and 
 (B)  by  inserting  after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph: “(2)  To provide guidance and assistance to claimants.” 
 ; and 133 STAT. 1959 
 
 (2)  in subsection (h), by  striking  “ 2019 ” and  inserting  “ 2020 ”. 
 
 (b)  Advisory Board on Toxic Substances and Worker Health .— Section 3687 of the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 ( 42 U.S.C. 7385s–16 )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (b)(1)— (A)  in subparagraph (C), by  striking  “ ; and ” and  inserting  a semicolon; 
 (B)  in subparagraph (D), by  striking  “ ; and ” and  inserting  a semicolon; and 
 (C)  by  adding  after subparagraph (D) the following: “(E)  the claims adjudication process generally, including review of procedure manual changes prior to incorporation into the manual and claims for medical benefits; and 
 “(F)  such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate; and” 
 ; 
 
 (2)  in subsection (g)— (A)  by  striking  “ The Secretary of Energy shall ” and  inserting  “ The Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Labor shall each ”; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following new sentence: “ The Secretary of Labor shall make available to the Board the program’s medical director, toxicologist, industrial hygienist and program’s support contractors as requested by the Board. ”; 
 
 (3)  by  redesignating  subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and 
 (4)  by  inserting  after subsection (g) the following: “(h)  Deadline. Public information. Web posting. Response to Recommendations .— Not later than 60 days after submission to the Secretary of Labor of the Board’s recommendations, the Secretary shall respond to the Board in writing, and post on the public internet website of the Department of Labor, a response to the recommendations that— “(1)  includes a statement of whether the Secretary accepts or rejects the Board’s recommendations; 
 “(2)  Timeline. if the Secretary accepts the Board’s recommendations, describes the timeline for when those recommendations will be implemented; and 
 “(3)  if the Secretary does not accept the recommendations, describes the reasons the Secretary does not agree and provides all scientific research to the Board supporting that decision.” 
 
 .