SEC. 3051.  Deadlines. 10 USC 2871 note . UNIFORM CODE OF BASIC STANDARDS FOR PRIVATIZED MILITARY HOUSING AND PLAN TO CONDUCT INSPECTIONS AND ASSESSMENTS. (a)  Uniform Code .— Not later than February 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall establish and implement a uniform code of basic housing standards for safety, comfort, and habitability for privatized military housing, which shall meet or exceed requirements informed by a nationally recognized, consensus-based, model property maintenance code. 
 (b)  Inspection and Assessment Plan .— Not later than February 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a Department of Defense plan to contract  133 STAT. 1942 
with qualified home inspectors to conduct a thorough inspection and assessment of the structural integrity and habitability of each unit of privatized military housing. The plan shall include the implementation plan for the uniform code to be established under subsection (a). 
 (c)  Implementation of Inspections and Assessments .— (1)  Implementation .— Not later than February 1, 2021, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall commence conducting inspections and assessments of units of privatized military housing pursuant to the plan submitted under subsection (b) to identify issues and ensure compliance with applicable housing codes, including the uniform code established under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than March 1, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the inspections and assessments conducted under paragraph (1). 
 
 (d)  Qualified Home Inspectors Described .— For purposes of this section, a qualified home inspector must possess the appropriate credentials for the work the inspector will perform, as defined by the respective State in which the work will be performed. A qualified home inspector may not be an employee or in a fiduciary relationship with— (1)  the Federal Government; or 
 (2)  an individual or entity who owns or manages privatized military housing.