SEC. 375.  DEFENSE PERSONAL PROPERTY PROGRAM. (a)  Report on Personal Property Program Improvement Action Plan .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a report on implementation of the Personal Property Program Improvement Action Plan that was developed by the Personnel Relocation/Household Goods Movement Cross-Functional Team. 
 (2)  Contents of report .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall include updated information on the efforts of the Department of Defense to— (A)  integrate permanent-change-of-station orders with transportation systems; 
 (B)  reduce the number of report dates during peak moving season; 
 (C)  synchronize the communication of information about orders to all parties involved, including industry; 
 (D)  improve lead time for permanent-change-of-station orders; 
 (E)  meet quality assurance inspection standards; 
 (F)  improve the claims review process; and 
 (G)  incorporate predictive analytics to anticipate potentially problematic shipments. 
 
 (3)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness shall jointly provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the report required under this subsection. 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Business Case Analysis .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of United States Transportation Command shall submit to the congressional defense committees a business case analysis for the proposed award of a global household goods contract for the defense personal property program. 
 (c)  Analyses. GAO Report .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Commander of United States Transportation Command submits the business case analysis required by subsection (b), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on a comprehensive study conducted by the Comptroller General that includes— 133 STAT. 1333 
 (1)  an analysis of the effects that the outsourcing of the management and oversight of the movement of household goods to a private entity or entities would have on members of the Armed Forces and their families; 
 (2)  a comprehensive cost-benefit analysis; and 
 (3)  Recommenda- tions. recommendations for changes to the strategy of the Department of Defense for the defense personal property program. 
 
 (d)  Effective date. Limitation .— None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2020 may be used to enter into a global household goods contract until April 1, 2020. 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ global household goods contract ” means the solicitation managed by United States Transportation Command to engage a private entity to manage the defense personal property program. 
 (2)  The term “ defense personal property program ” means the Department of Defense program used to manage the shipment of the baggage and household effects of members of the Armed Forces under  section 476 of title 37, United States Code .