SEC. 3203.  MEMBERSHIP OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD. (a)  List of Candidates for Nomination .— Subsection (b) of section 311 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 ( 42 U.S.C. 2286 )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(4)  President. Contracts. The President shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences under which the National Academy shall maintain a list of individuals who meet the qualifications described in paragraph (1) to assist the President in selecting individuals to nominate for positions as members of the Board.” 
 . 
 (b)  Terms of Members .— (1)  In general .— Subsection (d) of such section  is amended — (A)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  the second sentence and  inserting  the following new sentences: “ A member may be reappointed for a second term only if the member was confirmed by the Senate more than two years into the member’s first term. A member may not be reappointed for a third term. ”; and 
 (B)  in paragraph (3)— (i)  by  striking  “ Any member ” and  inserting  “ (A) Any member ”; 
 (ii)  by  striking  the second sentence; and 
 (iii)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraph: “(B)  A member may not serve after the expiration of the member’s term, unless the departure of the member would result in the loss of a quorum for the Board. If more than one member is serving after the expiration of the member’s term and a new member is appointed to the Board so that one of the members serving after the expiration of the member’s term is no longer necessary to maintain a quorum, the member whose term expired first may no longer serve on the Board.” 
 . 
 
 
 (2)  42 USC 2286 note . Effective date .— The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 
 (c)  Filling Vacancies .— Such subsection is further amended by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(4) (A)  Deadline. President. Not later than 180 days after the expiration of the term of a member of the Board, the President shall— “(i)  submit to the Senate the nomination of an individual to fill the vacancy; or 
 “(ii)  Reports. submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate a report that includes— “(I)  a description of the reasons the President did not submit such a nomination; and 
 “(II)  Plan. Time period. a plan for submitting such a nomination during the 90-day period following the submission of the report. 
 
 
 “(B)  Reports. If the President does not submit to the Senate the nomination of an individual to fill a vacancy during the 90-day period described in subclause (II) of subparagraph (A)(ii), the President shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services a report described in that subparagraph not less frequently than every 90 days until the President submits such a nomination.” 
 
 . 133 STAT. 1967