“§ 397. 10 USC 397 .  Principal Information Operations Advisor “(a)  Deadline. Designation .— Not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate, from among officials appointed to a position in the Department of Defense by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, a Principal Information Operations Advisor to act as the principal advisor to the Secretary on all aspects of information operations conducted by the Department. 
 “(b)  Responsibilities .— The Principal Information Operations Advisor shall have the following responsibilities: “(1)  Oversight of policy, strategy, planning, resource management, operational considerations, personnel, and technology development across all the elements of information operations of the Department. 
 “(2)  Overall integration and supervision of the deterrence of, conduct of, and defense against information operations. 
 “(3)  Promulgation of policies to ensure adequate coordination and deconfliction with the Department of State, the intelligence community (as such term is defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 )), and other relevant agencies and departments of the Federal Government. 
 “(4)  Coordination. Coordination with the head of the Global Engagement Center to support the purpose of the Center (as set forth by section 1287(a)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ( Public Law 114–328 ;  22 U.S.C. 2656 note )) and liaison with the Center and other relevant Federal Government entities to support such purpose. 
 “(5)  Establishing and supervising a rigorous risk management process to mitigate the risk of potential exposure of United States Persons to information intended exclusively for foreign audiences. 
 “(6)  Standards. Promulgation of standards for the attribution or public acknowledgment, if any, of operations in the information environment. 133 STAT. 1742 
 “(7)  Guidance. Development of guidance for, and promotion of, the capability of the Department to liaison with the private sector and academia on matters relating to the influence activities of malign actors. 
 “(8)  Such other matters relating to information operations as the Secretary shall specify for purposes of this subsection.”