SEC. 372.  EXPANSION AND ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITIES ON TRANSFER AND ADOPTION OF MILITARY ANIMALS. (a)  Transfer and Adoption Generally .— Section 2583 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a)— (A)  in the subsection heading, by  inserting  “ Transfer or ” before “ Adoption ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ adoption ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ transfer or adoption ”; 
 
 (2)  in subsection (b)— (A)  in the subsection heading, by  inserting  “ Transfer or ” before “ Adoption ”; and 
 (B)  in the first sentence, by  striking  “ adoption ” and  inserting  “ transfer or adoption ”; and 
 (C)  in the second sentence,  striking  “ adoptability ” and  inserting  “ transferability or adoptability ”; 
 
 (3)  in subsection (c)(1)— (A)  in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (i)  by  inserting  “ transfer or ” before “ adoption ”; and 
 (ii)  by  inserting  “ , by ” after “ recommended priority ”; 
 
 (B)  in subparagraphs (A) and (B), by  inserting  “ adoption ” before “ by ”; 
 (C)  in subparagraph (B), by  inserting  “ or organizations ” after “ persons ”; and 
 (D)  in subparagraph (C), by  striking  “ by ” and  inserting  “ transfer to ”; and 
 
 (4)  in subsection (e)— (A)  in the subsection heading, by  inserting  “ or Adopted ”after “ Transferred ”; 
 (B)  in paragraphs (1) and (2), by  striking  “ transferred ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ transferred or adopted ”; and 
 (C)  in paragraph (2), by  striking  “ transfer ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ transfer or adoption ”. 
 
 
 (b)  Veterinary Screening and Care for Military Working Dogs to Be Retired .— Such section is further amended— (1)  by  redesignating  subsections (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (g), (h), and (i), respectively; and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after subsection (e) the following new subsection (f): “(f)  Veterinary Screening and Care for Military Working Dogs To Be Retired .— (1) (A)  If the Secretary of the military department concerned determines that a military working dog should be retired, such Secretary shall transport the dog to the Veterinary Treatment Facility at Lackland Air Force Base, Texas. 
 “(B)  In the case of a contract working dog to be retired, transportation required by subparagraph (A) is satisfied by the transfer of the dog to the 341st Training Squadron at the end of the dog’s service life as required by section 2410r of this title and assignment of the dog to the Veterinary Treatment Facility referred to in that subparagraph. 
 
 “(2) (A)  The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that each dog transported as described in paragraph (1) to the Veterinary Treatment Facility referred to in that paragraph is provided with a full veterinary screening, and necessary veterinary care (including  133 STAT. 1331 
surgery for any mental, dental, or stress-related illness), before transportation of the dog in accordance with subsection (g). 
 “(B)  For purposes of this paragraph, stress-related illness includes illness in connection with post-traumatic stress, anxiety that manifests in a physical ailment, obsessive compulsive behavior, and any other stress-related ailment. 
 
 “(3)  Transportation is not required under paragraph (1), and screening and care is not required under paragraph (2), for a military working dog located outside the United States if the Secretary of the military department concerned determines that transportation of the dog to the United States would not be in the best interests of the dog for medical reasons.” 
 
 . 
 
 (c)  Coordination of Screening and Care Requirements With Transportation Requirements .— Subsection (g) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (b)(1) of this section,  is amended  to read as follows: “(g)  Transportation of Retiring Military Working Dogs .— Upon completion of veterinary screening and care for a military working dog to be retired pursuant to subsection (f), the Secretary of the military department concerned shall— “(1)  if the dog was at a location outside the United States immediately prior to transportation for such screening and care and a United States citizen or member of the armed forces living abroad agrees to adopt the dog, transport the dog to such location for adoption; or 
 “(2)  for any other dog, transport the dog— “(A)  to the 341st Training Squadron; 
 “(B)  to another location within the United States for transfer or adoption under this section.” 
 
 
 . 
 (d)  Preservation of Policy on Transfer of Military Working Dogs to Law Enforcement Agencies .— Subsection (h) of such section, as so redesignated,  is amended  in paragraph (3) by  striking  “ adoption of military working dogs ” and all that follows through the period at the end and  inserting  “ transfer of military working dogs to law enforcement agencies before the end of the dogs’ useful working lives. ”. 
 (e)  Clarification of Horses Treatable as Military Animals .— Subsection (i) of such section, as so redesignated,  is amended  by  striking  paragraph (2) and  inserting  the following new paragraph (2): “(2)  An equid (horse, mule, or donkey) owned by the Department of Defense.” 
 . 
 (f)  Contract Term for Contract Working Dogs .— Section 2410r(a) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  inserting  “ , and shall contain a contract term, ” after “ shall require ”; 
 (2)  by  inserting  “ and assigned for veterinary screening and care in accordance with section 2583 of this title ” after “ 341st Training Squadron ”; and 
 (3)  by  striking  “ section 2583 of this title ” and  inserting  “ such section ”. 133 STAT. 1332