SEC. 3511.  46 USC 3702 note . MILITARY TO MARINER. (a)  Deadline. Coordination. Consultation. List. Determination. Credentialing Support .— Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this title, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Department of the Navy, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, with respect to the applicable services in their respective departments, and in coordination with one another and with the United States Committee on the Marine Transportation System, and in consultation with the Merchant Marine Personnel Advisory Committee, shall, consistent with applicable law, identify all training and experience within the applicable service that may qualify for merchant mariner credentialing and submit a list of all identified training and experience to the United States Coast Guard National Maritime Center for a determination of whether such training and experience counts for credentialing purposes. 
 (b)  Determination. Deadline. Review of Applicable Service .— The United States Coast Guard Commandant shall make a determination of whether training and experience counts for credentialing purposes, as described in subsection (a), not later than 6 months after the date on which the United States Coast Guard National Maritime Center receives a submission under subsection (a) identifying a training or experience and requesting such a determination. 
 (c)  Fees and Services .— The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Department of the Navy, and the Secretary of Commerce, with respect to the applicable services in their respective departments, shall— (1)  Waiver authority. take all necessary and appropriate actions to provide for the waiver of fees through the National Maritime Center license evaluation, issuance, and examination for members of the uniformed services on active duty, if a waiver is authorized and appropriate, and, if a waiver is not granted, take all necessary and appropriate actions to provide for the payment of fees for members of the uniformed services on active duty by the applicable service to the fullest extent permitted by law; 
 (2)  direct the applicable services to take all necessary and appropriate actions to provide for Transportation Worker Identification Credential cards for members of the uniformed services on active duty pursuing or possessing a mariner credential, such as implementation of an equal exchange process for members of the uniformed services on active duty at no or minimal cost; 
 (3)  Certification. Deadline. ensure that members of the applicable services who are to be discharged or released from active duty and who request certification or verification of sea service be provided such certification or verification no later than one month after discharge or release; 
 (4)  ensure the applicable services have developed, or continue to operate, as appropriate, the online resource known as Credentialing Opportunities On-Line to support separating  133 STAT. 1979 
members of the uniformed services who are seeking information and assistance on merchant mariner credentialing; and 
 (5)  Deadline. Review. not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, take all necessary and appropriate actions to review and implement service-related medical certifications to merchant mariner credential requirements. 
 
 (d)  Advancing Military to Mariner Within the Employer Agencies .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating when it is not operating as a service in the Department of the Navy, and the Secretary of Commerce shall have direct hiring authority to employ separated members of the uniformed services with valid merchant mariner licenses or sea service experience in support of United States national maritime needs, including the Army Corps of Engineers, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. 
 (2)  Appointments of retired members of the armed forces .— Except in the case of positions in the Senior Executive Service, the requirements of  section 3326(b) of title 5, United States Code , shall not apply with respect to the hiring of a separated member of the uniformed services under paragraph (1). 
 
 (e)  Definition. Separated Member of the Uniformed Services .— In this section, the term “ separated member of the uniformed services ” means an individual who— (1)  is retiring or is retired as a member of the uniformed services; 
 (2)  is voluntarily separating or voluntarily separated from the uniformed services at the end of enlistment or service obligation; or 
 (3)  is administratively separating or has administratively separated from the uniformed services with an honorable or general discharge characterization.