SEC. 550F.  GAO REVIEW OF USERRA AND SCRA. (a)  Report Required .— Not later than January 31, 2021, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review and submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives regarding what the Comptroller General determines are the effects of the common commercial and governmental practices of including a mandatory arbitration clause in employment and consumer agreements, on the ability of servicemembers to assert claims under and secure redress for violations of— (1)  chapter 43 of title 38, United States Code  (commonly referred to as the “Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployments Rights Act of 1994” and referred to in this section as “USERRA”); and 
 (2)  the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3901 et seq.  (referred to in this section as “SCRA”)). 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The report under this section shall include the following: (1)  Each process by which a servicemember may assert a claim under USERRA or SCRA, including— (A)  administrative assistance; 
 (B)  support, and dispute resolution processes provided by Federal and State agencies; 
 (C)  arbitration; and 
 (D)  litigation. 
 
 (2)  Evaluations. With regards to each process identified under paragraph (1), an evaluation of— (A)  the flexibility the process affords to the servicemember and other parties to the process; 
 (B)  the burden on the servicemember and other parties to the process; 
 (C)  the financial cost of the process to the servicemember and the other parties; 
 (D)  the speed of each process, including the rate at which each claim pursued under such process is resolved; 
 (E)  the confidentiality of each process; and 
 (F)  the effects of the process. 
 
 (3)  Data. Based on data regarding the results of past actions to enforce servicemember rights and benefits under USERRA and SCRA, including data of the Departments of Defense and Labor regarding dispute resolution under USERRA and data of the Department of Justice regarding litigation under SCRA— (A)  Analysis. an analysis of the extent to which each of the processes identified in paragraph (1) has been employed to address claims under USERRA or SCRA and 133 STAT. 1385 
 (B)  the extent to which each such process achieved a final disposition favorable to the servicemember. 
 
 (4)  Assessment. An assessment of general societal trends in the use of mandatory arbitration clauses in employment and consumer agreements, including any trend in a specific industry or employment sector that relies on mandatory arbitration in such contracts and agreements. 
 (5)  Assessment. An assessment and explanation of any effect— (A)  of the use of mandatory arbitration clauses in employment or consumer agreements on military readiness and deployability. 
 (B)  of USERRA or SCRA on the willingness of employers to employ, and consumer service businesses to provide services to servicemembers and their families.