SEC. 5711.  ANALYSIS OF AND PERIODIC BRIEFINGS ON MAJOR INITIATIVES OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY IN ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING. (a)  Analysis .— (1)  Deadline. Coordination. In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall, in coordination with the heads of such elements of the intelligence community as the Director considers appropriate— (A)  complete a comprehensive analysis of the major initiatives of the intelligence community in artificial intelligence and machine learning; and 
 (B)  provide to the congressional intelligence committees a briefing on the findings of the Director with respect to the analysis conducted pursuant to subparagraph (A). 133 STAT. 2171 
 
 (2)  Elements .— The analysis conducted under paragraph (1)(A) shall include analyses of how the initiatives described in such paragraph— (A)  correspond with the strategy of the intelligence community entitled “Augmenting Intelligence Using Machines”; 
 (B)  complement each other and avoid unnecessary duplication; 
 (C)  are coordinated with the efforts of the Defense Department on artificial intelligence, including efforts at the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center and Project Maven; and 
 (D)  leverage advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning in the private sector. 
 
 
 (b)  Deadlines. Periodic Briefings .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, not less frequently than twice each year thereafter until the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once each year thereafter until the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director and the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall jointly provide to the congressional intelligence committees and congressional defense committees (as defined in  section 101 of title 10, United States Code ) briefings with updates on activities relating to, and the progress of, their respective artificial intelligence and machine learning initiatives, particularly the Augmenting Intelligence Using Machines initiative and the Joint Artificial Intelligence Center.