SEC. 540L.  REPORT ON ESTABLISHMENT OF GUARDIAN AD LITEM PROGRAM FOR CERTAIN MILITARY DEPENDENTS WHO ARE A VICTIM OR WITNESS OF AN OFFENSE UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE INVOLVING ABUSE OR EXPLOITATION. (a)  Report Required .— (1)  Assessment. In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of establishing a guardian ad litem program for military dependents described in paragraph (2) who are a victim or witness of an offense under  chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code  (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), that involves an element of abuse or exploitation in order to protect the best interests of such dependents in a court-martial of such offense. 
 (2)  Covered dependents .— The military dependents described in this paragraph are as follows: (A)  Military dependents under 12 years of age. 
 (B)  Military dependents who lack mental or other capacity. 
 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Assessment. An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of establishing a guardian ad litem program as described in subsection (a). 
 (2)  If establishment of the guardian ad litem program is considered feasible and advisable, the following: (A)  A description of administrative requirements in connection with the program, including the following: (i)  Memoranda. Any memoranda of understanding between the Department of Defense and State and local authorities required for purposes of the program. 
 (ii)  The personnel, funding, and other resources required for purposes of the program. 
 
 (B)  Best practices for the program (as determined in consultation with appropriate civilian experts on child advocacy). 
 (C)  Recommenda- tions. Such recommendations for legislative and administration action to implement the program as the Secretary considers appropriate.