SEC. 532.  COMMAND INFLUENCE. (a)  In General .— Section 837 of title 10, United States Code  (article 37 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice),  is amended — (1)  by  striking  “ Unlawfully influencing action of court ” and  inserting  “ Command influence ”; 
 (2)  by  amending  subsection (a) to read as follows: 133 STAT. 1360 
 “(a) (1)  No court-martial convening authority, nor any other commanding officer, may censure, reprimand, or admonish the court or any member, military judge, or counsel thereof, with respect to the findings or sentence adjudged by the court, or with respect to any other exercise of its or his functions in the conduct of the proceeding. 
 “(2)  No court-martial convening authority, nor any other commanding officer, may deter or attempt to deter a potential witness from participating in the investigatory process or testifying at a court-martial. The denial of a request to travel at government expense or refusal to make a witness available shall not by itself constitute unlawful command influence. 
 “(3)  No person subject to this chapter may attempt to coerce or, by any unauthorized means, attempt to influence the action of a court-martial or any other military tribunal or any member thereof, in reaching the findings or sentence in any case, or the action of any convening, approving, or reviewing authority or preliminary hearing officer with respect to such acts taken pursuant to this chapter as prescribed by the President. 
 “(4)  Conduct that does not constitute a violation of paragraphs (1) through (3) may include, for example— “(A)  general instructional or informational courses in military justice if such courses are designed solely for the purpose of instructing persons on the substantive and procedural aspects of courts-martial; 
 “(B)  statements regarding criminal activity or a particular criminal offense that do not advocate a particular disposition, or a particular court-martial finding or sentence, or do not relate to a particular accused; or 
 “(C)  statements and instructions given in open court by the military judge or counsel. 
 
 “(5) (A)  Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) through (3), but subject to subparagraph (B)— “(i)  a superior convening authority or officer may generally discuss matters to consider regarding the disposition of alleged violations of this chapter with a subordinate convening authority or officer; and 
 “(ii)  a subordinate convening authority or officer may seek advice from a superior convening authority or officer regarding the disposition of an alleged offense under this chapter. 
 
 “(B)  No superior convening authority or officer may direct a subordinate convening authority or officer to make a particular disposition in a specific case or otherwise substitute the discretion of such authority or such officer for that of the subordinate convening authority or officer.” 
 
 
 ; 
 (3)  in subsection (b)— (A)  by  striking  “ advanced, in grade ” and  inserting  “ advanced in grade ”; and 
 (B)  by  striking  “ accused before a court-martial ” and  inserting  “ person in a court-martial proceeding ”; and 
 
 (4)  by  adding  at the end the following new subsections: “(c)  No finding or sentence of a court-martial may be held incorrect on the ground of a violation of this section unless the violation materially prejudices the substantial rights of the accused. 
 “(d) (1)  A superior convening authority or commanding officer may withhold the authority of a subordinate convening authority  133 STAT. 1361 
or officer to dispose of offenses in individual cases, types of cases, or generally. 
 “(2)  Except as provided in paragraph (1) or as otherwise authorized by this chapter, a superior convening authority or commanding officer may not limit the discretion of a subordinate convening authority or officer to act with respect to a case for which the subordinate convening authority or officer has authority to dispose of the offenses.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning  subchapter VII of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code  (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), 10 USC 836  prec.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 837 (article 37) and  inserting  the following new item: 
 
 “837.  
 Art. 37. Command influence.”. 
 
 
 (c)  10 USC 837 note . Effective Date .— The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply with respect to violations of  section 837 of title 10, United States Code  (article 37 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), committed on or after such date.