SEC. 553.  DEGREE GRANTING AUTHORITY FOR UNITED STATES ARMY ARMAMENT GRADUATE SCHOOL; LIMITATION ON ESTABLISHMENT OF CERTAIN EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS. (a)  Degree Granting Authority for United States Army Armament Graduate School .— (1)  In general .— Chapter 751 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section: “§ 7422. 10 USC 7422 .  Degree granting authority for United States Army Armament Graduate School “(a)  Authority .— Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the Army, the Chancellor of the United States Army Armament Graduate School may, upon the recommendation of the faculty and provost of the school, confer appropriate degrees upon graduates who meet the degree requirements. 
 “(b)  Limitation .— A degree may not be conferred under this section unless— “(1)  Recommenda- tions. the Secretary of Education has recommended approval of the degree in accordance with the Federal Policy Governing Granting of Academic Degrees by Federal Agencies; and 
 “(2)  the United States Army Armament Graduate School is accredited by the appropriate civilian academic accrediting agency or organization to award the degree, as determined by the Secretary of Education. 133 STAT. 1387 
 
 “(c)  Congressional Notification Requirements .— (1)  When seeking to establish degree granting authority under this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives— “(A)  Records. a copy of the self-assessment questionnaire required by the Federal Policy Governing Granting of Academic Degrees by Federal Agencies, at the time the assessment is submitted to the Department of Education’s National Advisory Committee on Institutional Quality and Integrity; and 
 “(B)  Recommenda- tions. the subsequent recommendations and rationale of the Secretary of Education regarding the establishment of the degree granting authority. 
 
 “(2)  Reports. Recommenda- tions. Upon any modification or redesignation of existing degree granting authority, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report containing the rationale for the proposed modification or redesignation and any subsequent recommendation of the Secretary of Education on the proposed modification or redesignation. 
 “(3)  Reports. The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report containing an explanation of any action by the appropriate academic accrediting agency or organization not to accredit the United States Army Armament Graduate School to award any new or existing degree.” 
 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter 10 USC 7401  prec.   is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new item: 
 
 “7422.  
 Degree granting authority for United States Army Armament Graduate School.”. 
 
 
 
 (b)  Limitation .— (1)  In general .— Chapter 101 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section: “§ 2017. 10 USC 2017 .  Limitation on establishment of postsecondary educational institutions pending notice to Congress “(a)  Time period. Limitation .— The Secretary of Defense may not establish a postsecondary educational institution within the Department of Defense until a period of one year has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees of the intent of the Secretary to establish the institution. 
 “(b)  Postsecondary Educational Institution Defined .— In this section, the term ‘ postsecondary educational institution ’ means a school or other educational institution that is intended to provide students with a course of instruction that is comparable, in length and academic rigor, to a course of instruction for which an associate’s, bachelor’s, or graduate degree may be awarded.” 
 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter 10 USC 2001  prec.   is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new item: 
 
 “2017.  
 Limitation on establishment of postsecondary educational institutions pending notice to Congress.”. 
 
 
 (3)  10 USC 2017 note . Applicability .— Section 2017 of title 10, United States Code , as added by paragraph (1), shall apply with respect  133 STAT. 1388 
to postsecondary educational institutions intended to be established by the Secretary of Defense on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.