SEC. 540J.  10 USC 810 note . PILOT PROGRAMS ON DEFENSE INVESTIGATORS IN THE MILITARY JUSTICE SYSTEM. (a)  In General .— Each Secretary of a military department shall carry out a pilot program on defense investigators within the military justice system under the jurisdiction of such Secretary in order to do the following: (1)  Determination. Determine whether the presence of defense investigators within such military justice system will— (A)  make such military justice system more effective in providing an effective defense for the accused; and 
 (B)  make such military justice system more fair and efficient. 
 
 (2)  Assessment. Otherwise assess the feasibility and advisability of defense investigators as an element of such military justice system. 
 
 (b)  Elements .— (1)  Interview of victim .— A defense investigator may question a victim under a pilot program only upon a request made through the Special Victims’ Counsel or other counsel if the victim does not have such counsel. 
 (2)  Uniformity across military justice systems .— The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the personnel and activities of defense investigators under the pilot programs are, to the extent practicable, uniform across the military justice systems of the military departments. 
 
 (c)  Report .— (1)  Consultation. In general .— Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the  133 STAT. 1372 
Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot programs under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Elements .— The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A description of each pilot program, including the personnel and activities of defense investigators under such pilot program. 
 (B)  Assessment. An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of establishing and maintaining defense investigators as an element of the military justice systems of the military departments. 
 (C)  Recommenda- tions. If the assessment under subparagraph (B) is that the establishment and maintenance of defense investigators as an element of the military justice systems of the military departments is feasible and advisable, such recommendations for legislative and administrative action as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate to establish and maintain defense investigators as an element of the military justice systems. 
 (D)  Any other matters the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate.