SEC. 510.  AUTHORITY OF PROMOTION BOARDS TO RECOMMEND THAT OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT BE PLACED HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST. (a)  In General .— Section 14108 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(f)  Higher Placement of Officers of Particular Merit on Promotion List .— (1)  In selecting officers to be recommended for promotion, a promotion board may, when authorized by the Secretary concerned, recommend that officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for promotion, be placed higher on the promotion list established by the Secretary under section 14308(a) of this title. 
 “(2)  A promotion board may make a recommendation under paragraph (1) only if an officer receives the recommendation of— “(A)  a majority of the members of the promotion board; or 
 “(B)  an alternative requirement established by the Secretary concerned and furnished to the promotion board as part of the guidelines under section 14107 of this title. 
 
 “(3)  For officers who receive recommendations under paragraph (1), the board shall recommend the order in which those officers should be placed on the promotion list.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Reports Regarding Recommendations That Officers of Particular Merit Be Placed Higher on Promotion List .— Section 14109 of such title  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(d)  Report of Officers Recommended for Higher Placement on Promotion List .— A promotion board convened under section 14101(a) of this title shall, when authorized under section 14108(f) of this title, include in its report to the Secretary concerned— “(1)  the names of those officers the promotion board recommends be placed higher on the promotion list; and 
 “(2)  the order in which the promotion board recommends those officers should be placed on the promotion list.” 
 
 . 
 (c)  Officers of Particular Merit Appearing Higher on Promotion List .— Section 14308(a) of such title  is amended  in the first sentence by  inserting  “ or based on particular merit, as determined by the promotion board ” before the period.