SEC. 5704.  50 USC 3334b . COLLECTION, ANALYSIS, AND DISSEMINATION OF WORKFORCE DATA. (a)  Modification of Requirement for Annual Report on Hiring and Retention of Minority Employees .— 133 STAT. 2163 
 (1)  Expansion of period of report .— Subsection (a) of section 114 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3050 )  is amended  by  inserting  “ and the preceding 5 fiscal years ” after “ fiscal year ”. 
 (2)  Clarification on disaggregation of data .— Subsection (b) of such section  is amended , in the matter before paragraph (1), by  striking  “ disaggregated data by category of covered person from each element of the intelligence community ” and  inserting  “ data, disaggregated by category of covered person and by element of the intelligence community, ”. 
 
 (b)  Initial Reporting .— (1)  Public information. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and subject to paragraph (3), the Director of National Intelligence shall make available to the public, the appropriate congressional committees, and the workforce of the intelligence community a report which includes aggregate demographic data and other information regarding the diversity and inclusion efforts of the workforce of the intelligence community. 
 (2)  Contents .— A report made available under paragraph (1)— (A)  shall include unclassified reports and barrier analyses relating to diversity and inclusion efforts; 
 (B)  shall include aggregate demographic data— (i)  by segment of the workforce of the intelligence community and grade or rank; 
 (ii)  relating to attrition and promotion rates; 
 (iii)  that addresses the compliance of the intelligence community with validated inclusion metrics, such as the New Inclusion Quotient index score; and 
 (iv)  that provides demographic comparisons to the relevant nongovernmental labor force and the relevant civilian labor force; 
 
 (C)  shall include an analysis of applicant flow data, including the percentage and level of positions for which data are collected, and a discussion of any resulting policy changes or recommendations; 
 (D)  shall include demographic data relating to participants in professional development programs of the intelligence community and the rate of placement into senior positions for participants in such programs; 
 (E)  shall include any voluntarily collected demographic data relating to the membership of any external advisory committee or board to which individuals in senior positions in the intelligence community appoint members; and 
 (F)  may include data in proportions or percentages to account for concerns relating to the protection of classified information. 
 
 
 (c)  Public information. Updates .— After making available a report under subsection (b), the Director of National Intelligence shall annually provide a report (which may be provided as part of an annual report required under another provision of law) to the workforce of the intelligence community (including senior leadership), the public, and the appropriate congressional committees that includes— (1)  demographic data and information on the status of diversity and inclusion efforts of the intelligence community; 133 STAT. 2164 
 (2)  an analysis of applicant flow data, including the percentage and level of positions for which data are collected, and a discussion of any resulting policy changes or recommendations; and 
 (3)  demographic data relating to participants in professional development programs of the intelligence community and the rate of placement into senior positions for participants in such programs. 
 
 (d)  Expand the Collection and Analysis of Voluntary Applicant Flow Data .— (1)  In general .— The Director of National Intelligence shall develop a system to collect and analyze applicant flow data for as many positions within the intelligence community as practicable, in order to identify areas for improvement in attracting diverse talent, with particular attention to senior and management positions. 
 (2)  Phased implementation .— The collection of applicant flow data may be implemented by the Director of National Intelligence in a phased approach commensurate with the resources available to the intelligence community. 
 
 (e)  Identify Additional Categories for Voluntary Data Collection of Current Employees .— (1)  Recommenda- tion. In general .— The Director of National Intelligence may submit to the Office of Management and Budget and to the appropriate congressional committees a recommendation regarding whether the intelligence community should voluntarily collect more detailed data on demographic categories in addition to the race and ethnicity categories specified in the statistical policy directive issued by the Office of Management and Budget entitled “Standards for Maintaining, Collecting, and Presenting Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity”. 
 (2)  Process .— In making a recommendation under paragraph (1), the Director of National Intelligence shall— (A)  Consultation. engage in close consultation with internal stakeholders, such as employee resource or affinity groups; 
 (B)  ensure that there is clear communication with the workforce of the intelligence community— (i)  to explain the purpose of the potential collection of such data; and 
 (ii)  regarding legal protections relating to any anticipated use of such data; and 
 
 (C)  ensure adherence to relevant standards and guidance issued by the Federal Government. 
 
 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Applicant flow data .— The term “ applicant flow data ” means data that tracks the rate of applications for job positions among demographic categories. 
 (2)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the  133 STAT. 2165 
Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (3)  Diversity .— The term “ diversity ” means diversity of persons based on gender, race, ethnicity, disability status, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, and other demographic categories.