SEC. 5722.  TASK FORCE ON ILLICIT FINANCING OF ESPIONAGE AND FOREIGN INFLUENCE OPERATIONS. (a)  Deadline. Study. Assessment. Establishment .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall establish a task force to study and assess the illicit financing of espionage and foreign influence operations directed at the United States. 
 (b)  Membership .— The task force shall be composed of the following individuals (or designees of the individual): (1)  The Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. 
 (2)  The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
 (3)  The Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Intelligence and Analysis. 
 (4)  The Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research. 
 (5)  Such other heads of the elements of the intelligence community that the Director of National Intelligence determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Chairperson; Meetings .— (1)  Appointment. Chairperson .— The Director of National Intelligence shall appoint a senior official within the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to serve as the chairperson of the task force. 
 (2)  Meetings .— The task force shall meet regularly but not less frequently than on a quarterly basis. 
 
 (d)  Reports .— (1)  Initial report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the task force shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the illicit financing of espionage and foreign influence operations directed at the United States. The report shall address the following: (A)  The extent of the collection by the intelligence community, from all sources (including the governments of foreign countries), of intelligence and information relating to illicit financing of espionage and foreign influence operations directed at the United States, and any gaps in such collection. 
 (B)  Any specific legal, regulatory, policy, or other prohibitions, or financial, human, technical, or other resource limitations or constraints, that have affected the ability of the Director of National Intelligence or other heads of relevant elements of the intelligence community in collecting or analyzing intelligence or information relating to illicit financing of espionage and foreign influence operations directed at the United States. 
 (C)  The methods, as of the date of the report, by which hostile governments of foreign countries or foreign organizations, and any groups or persons acting on behalf of or with the support of such governments or organizations, seek to disguise or obscure relationships between such governments, organizations, groups, or persons and  133 STAT. 2177 
United States persons, for the purpose of conducting espionage or foreign influence operations directed at the United States, including by exploiting financial laws, systems, or instruments, of the United States. 
 (D)  The existing practices of the intelligence community for ensuring that intelligence and information relating to the illicit financing of espionage and foreign influence operations is analyzed and shared with other elements of the intelligence community, and any recommendations for improving such analysis and sharing. 
 
 (2)  Annual update .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter through the date specified in subsection (e), the task force shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an update on the report. 
 (3)  Classified information. Summary. Form .— Each report submitted under this subsection may be submitted in classified form, but if submitted in such form, shall include an unclassified summary. 
 
 (e)  Termination .— The task force shall terminate on January 1, 2025. 
 (f)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (1)  The congressional intelligence committees. 
 (2)  The Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives. 
 (3)  The Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate.