SEC. 540D.  Deadlines. 10 USC 1561 note . DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-WIDE POLICY AND MILITARY DEPARTMENT-SPECIFIC PROGRAMS ON REINVIGORATION OF THE PREVENTION OF SEXUAL ASSAULT INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. (a)  Policy Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop and issue a comprehensive policy for the Department of Defense to reinvigorate the prevention of sexual assault involving members of the Armed Forces. 
 (b)  Policy Elements .— (1)  In general .— The policy required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (A)  Education and training for members of the Armed Forces on the prevention of sexual assault. 
 (B)  Elements for programs designed to encourage and promote healthy relationships among members of the Armed Forces. 
 (C)  Elements for programs designed to empower and enhance the role of non-commissioned officers in the prevention of sexual assault. 
 (D)  Elements for programs to foster social courage among members of the Armed Forces to encourage and promote intervention in situations in order to prevent sexual assault. 
 (E)  Processes and mechanisms designed to address behaviors among members of the Armed Forces that are included in the continuum of harm that frequently results in sexual assault. 133 STAT. 1367 
 (F)  Elements for programs designed to address alcohol abuse, including binge drinking, among members of the Armed Forces. 
 (G)  Such other elements, processes, mechanisms, and other matters as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. 
 
 (2)  Continuum of harm resulting in sexual assault .— For purposes of paragraph (1)(E), the continuum of harm that frequently results in sexual assault includes hazing, sexual harassment, and related behaviors (including language choices, off-hand statements, jokes, and unconscious attitudes or biases) that create a permissive climate for sexual assault. 
 
 (c)  Programs Required .— Not later than 180 days after the issuance of the policy required by subsection (a), each Secretary of a military department shall develop and implement for each Armed Force under the jurisdiction of such Secretary a program to reinvigorate the prevention of sexual assaults involving members of the Armed Forces. Each program shall include the elements, processes, mechanisms, and other matters developed by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (a) tailored to the requirements and circumstances of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned.