SEC. 531.  EXPANSION OF PRE-REFERRAL MATTERS REVIEWABLE BY MILITARY JUDGES AND MILITARY MAGISTRATES IN THE INTEREST OF EFFICIENCY IN MILITARY JUSTICE. (a)  In General .— Subsection (a) of  section 830a of title 10, United States Code  (article 30a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice),  is amended  by  striking  paragraphs (1) and (2) and  inserting  the following new paragraphs: “(1)  President. Regulations. The President shall prescribe regulations for matters relating to proceedings conducted before referral of charges and specifications to court-martial for trial, including the following: “(A)  Pre-referral investigative subpoenas. 
 “(B)  Pre-referral warrants or orders for electronic communications. 
 “(C)  Pre-referral matters referred by an appellate court. 
 “(D)  Pre-referral matters under subsection (c) or (e) of section 806b of this title (article 6b). 
 “(E)  Pre-referral matters relating to the following: “(i)  Pre-trial confinement of an accused. 
 “(ii)  The mental capacity or mental responsibility of an accused. 
 “(iii)  A request for an individual military counsel. 
 
 
 “(2)  In addition to the matters specified in paragraph (1), the regulations prescribed under that paragraph shall— “(A)  set forth the matters that a military judge may rule upon in such proceedings; 
 “(B)  Procedures. include procedures for the review of such rulings; 
 “(C)  include appropriate limitations to ensure that proceedings under this section extend only to matters that would be subject to consideration by a military judge in a general or special court-martial; and 
 “(D)  provide such limitations on the relief that may be ordered under this section as the President considers appropriate.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Conforming and Clerical Amendments .— (1)  Heading amendment .— The heading of such section  is amended  to read as follows: “§ 830a.  Art 30a. Proceedings conducted before referral” 
 . 
 (2)  Clerical amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of  subchapter VI of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code  (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), 10 USC 830  prec.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to section 830a (article 30a) and  inserting  the following new item: 
 
 “830a. 30a.  
 Proceedings conducted before referral.”.