SEC. 507.  PERSONNEL TEMPO OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THE UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND DURING PERIODS OF INAPPLICABILITY OF HIGH-DEPLOYMENT LIMITATIONS. (a)  In General .— Section 991(d) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  by  inserting  “ (1) ” before “ The Secretary ”; and 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(2) (A)  Whenever a waiver is in effect under paragraph (1), the member or group of members covered by the waiver shall be subject to specific and measurable deployment thresholds established and maintained for purposes of this subsection. 
 “(B)  Thresholds under this paragraph may be applicable— “(i)  uniformly, Department of Defense-wide; or 
 “(ii)  separately, with respect to each armed force or the United States Special Operations Command. 
 
 “(C)  If thresholds under this paragraph are applicable Department-wide, such thresholds shall be established and maintained by the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. If such thresholds are applicable only to one armed force or the Under States Special Operations Command, such thresholds shall  133 STAT. 1346 
be established and maintained respectively by the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy (other than with respect to the Marine Corps), the Secretary of the Air Force, the Commandant of the Marine Corps (with respect to the Marine Corps), and the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command, as applicable. 
 “(D)  In undertaking recordkeeping for purposes of subsection (c), the Under Secretary shall, in conjunction with the officials and officers referred to in subparagraph (C), collect complete and reliable personnel tempo data of members described in subparagraph (A) in order to ensure that the Department, the armed forces, and the United States Special Operations Command fully and completely monitor personnel tempo under any waiver authorized under paragraph (1) and the effect of such waiver on the armed forces.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  10 USC 991 note . Deadline for Implementation .— Paragraph (2) of  section 991(d) of title 10, United States Code , as added by subsection (a), shall be fully implemented by not later than March 1, 2020.