SEC. 5321.  ESTABLISHMENT OF CLIMATE SECURITY ADVISORY COUNCIL. (a)  Establishment .— Title I of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3021 et seq. )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section: “SEC. 120.  50 USC 3060 . CLIMATE SECURITY ADVISORY COUNCIL. “(a)  Analysis. Establishment .— The Director of National Intelligence shall establish a Climate Security Advisory Council for the purpose of— “(1)  assisting intelligence analysts of various elements of the intelligence community with respect to analysis of climate security and its impact on the areas of focus of such analysts; 
 “(2)  Coordination. facilitating coordination between the elements of the intelligence community and elements of the Federal Government that are not elements of the intelligence community in collecting data on, and conducting analysis of, climate change and climate security; and 
 “(3)  ensuring that the intelligence community is adequately prioritizing climate change in carrying out its activities. 
 
 “(b)  Composition of Council .— 133 STAT. 2127 
 “(1)  Appointments. Members .— The Council shall be composed of the following individuals appointed by the Director of National Intelligence: “(A)  An appropriate official from the National Intelligence Council, who shall chair the Council. 
 “(B)  The lead official with respect to climate and environmental security analysis from— “(i)  the Central Intelligence Agency; 
 “(ii)  the Bureau of Intelligence and Research of the Department of State; 
 “(iii)  the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency; 
 “(iv)  the Office of Intelligence and Counterintelligence of the Department of Energy; 
 “(v)  the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; and 
 “(vi)  the Defense Intelligence Agency. 
 
 “(C)  Three appropriate officials from elements of the Federal Government that are not elements of the intelligence community that are responsible for— “(i)  providing decision makers with a predictive understanding of the climate; 
 “(ii)  making observations of our Earth system that can be used by the public, policymakers, and to support strategic decisions; or 
 “(iii)  Coordination. coordinating Federal research and investments in understanding the forces shaping the global environment, both human and natural, and their impacts on society. 
 
 “(D)  Any other officials as the Director of National Intelligence or the chair of the Council may determine appropriate. 
 
 “(2)  Responsibilities of chair .— The chair of the Council shall have responsibility for— “(A)  identifying agencies to supply individuals from elements of the Federal Government that are not elements of the intelligence community; 
 “(B)  securing the permission of the relevant agency heads for the participation of such individuals on the Council; and 
 “(C)  any other duties that the Director of National Intelligence may direct. 
 
 
 “(c)  Duties and Responsibilities of Council .— The Council shall carry out the following duties and responsibilities: “(1)  To meet at least quarterly to— “(A)  exchange appropriate data between elements of the intelligence community and elements of the Federal Government that are not elements of the intelligence community; 
 “(B)  discuss processes for the routine exchange of such data and implementation of such processes; and 
 “(C)  Summaries. prepare summaries of the business conducted at each meeting. 
 
 “(2)  Assessment. Determination. Analysis. To assess and determine best practices with respect to the analysis of climate security, including identifying publicly available information and intelligence acquired through clandestine means that enables such analysis. 133 STAT. 2128 
 “(3)  Assessment. To assess and identify best practices with respect to prior efforts of the intelligence community to analyze climate security. 
 “(4)  Assessment. To assess and describe best practices for identifying and disseminating climate security indicators and warnings. 
 “(5)  Recommenda- tions. To recommend methods of incorporating analysis of climate security and the best practices identified under paragraphs (2) through (4) into existing analytic training programs. 
 “(6)  Consultation. To consult, as appropriate, with other elements of the intelligence community that conduct analysis of climate change or climate security and elements of the Federal Government that are not elements of the intelligence community that conduct analysis of climate change or climate security, for the purpose of sharing information about ongoing efforts and avoiding duplication of existing efforts. 
 “(7)  To work with elements of the intelligence community that conduct analysis of climate change or climate security and elements of the Federal Government that are not elements of the intelligence community that conduct analysis of climate change or climate security— “(A)  Data. Procedures. to exchange appropriate data between such elements, establish processes, procedures and practices for the routine exchange of such data, discuss the implementation of such processes; and 
 “(B)  to enable and facilitate the sharing of findings and analysis between such elements. 
 
 “(8)  Assessment. To assess whether the elements of the intelligence community that conduct analysis of climate change or climate security may inform the research direction of academic work and the sponsored work of the United States Government. 
 “(9)  At the discretion of the chair of the Council, to convene conferences of analysts and nonintelligence community personnel working on climate change or climate security on subjects that the chair shall direct. 
 
 “(d)  Sunset .— The Council shall terminate on the date that is 4 years after the date of the enactment of this section. 
 “(e)  Definitions .— In this section: “(1)  Climate security .— The term ‘ climate security ’ means the effects of climate change on the following: “(A)  The national security of the United States, including national security infrastructure. 
 “(B)  Subnational, national, and regional political stability. 
 “(C)  The security of allies and partners of the United States. 
 “(D)  Ongoing or potential political violence, including unrest, rioting, guerrilla warfare, insurgency, terrorism, rebellion, revolution, civil war, and interstate war. 
 
 “(2)  Climate intelligence indications and warnings .— The term ‘ climate intelligence indications and warnings ’ means developments relating to climate security with the potential to— “(A)  imminently and substantially alter the political stability or degree of human security in a country or region; or 
 “(B)  imminently and substantially threaten— “(i)  the national security of the United States; 133 STAT. 2129 
 “(ii)  the military, political, or economic interests of allies and partners of the United States; or 
 “(iii)  citizens of the United States abroad.” 
 
 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of contents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947  is amended  by  inserting  after the item relating to section 119B the following new item: 
 
 
 “Sec. 120.  
 Climate Security Advisory Council.”. 
 
 
 (c)  Deadline. 50 USC 3060 note . Initial Appointments .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall appoint the members of the Council under section 120 of the National Security Act of 1947, as added by subsection (a).