SEC. 5324.  50 USC 3334a . TRANSFER OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE UNIVERSITY TO THE OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE. (a)  Determination. Transfer .— Upon the submission of the joint certifications under subsection (b)(1), the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence shall take such actions that the Director determines necessary to transfer the National Intelligence University from the Defense Intelligence Agency to the Director of National Intelligence. 
 (b)  Joint Certifications .— 133 STAT. 2135 
 (1)  Deadline. Requirement .— Except as provided by paragraph (2), as soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, but not later than 18 months after the date of such enactment, the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees written certifications of each of the following: (A)  The Middle States Commission on Higher Education has provided regional academic accreditation for the National Intelligence University before the date of the certification, or will provide such academic accreditation as of the date on which the University is transferred under subsection (a). 
 (B)  Members of the Armed Forces attending the University will be eligible to receive credit for Phase I joint professional military education. 
 (C)  The Secretary of Education has informed the Director of National Intelligence that the Secretary has recommended approval of the degrees to be conferred pursuant to subsection (e)(2) or will provide such recommended approval as of the date on which the University is transferred under subsection (a). 
 (D)  The Director of National Intelligence, in collaboration with the Secretary of Defense, has established an appropriate governance model for the University. 
 (E)  The Secretary of Defense shall use the University to provide personnel of the Department of Defense with advanced intelligence education. 
 
 (2)  Failure to certify .— (A)  Actions required .— If the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence fail to submit the certifications under paragraph (1) by the date specified in such paragraph, the Secretary and the Director shall— (i)  Reports. jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on such failure by not later than 21 months after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
 (ii)  jointly submit such certifications as soon as practicable. 
 
 (B)  Contents of report .— The report under subparagraph (A)(i) shall contain the following: (i)  A description of the progress made toward fulfilling the conditions described in such paragraph as of the date of the report. 
 (ii)  A description of any obstacles preventing the fulfillment of such conditions. 
 (iii)  Estimates. The estimated dates of completion for the fulfillment of such conditions and the submission of the certifications. 
 
 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, and the President of the National Intelligence University shall jointly provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the plan to carry out the transfer under subsection (a), including with respect to— (1)  ensuring the provision of services to all elements of the intelligence community; 133 STAT. 2136 
 (2)  employing a military cadre at the University; and 
 (3)  addressing the current accreditation status of the National Intelligence University with the Middle States Commission on Higher Education. 
 
 (d)  Cost Estimates of Transfer .— (1)  Deadline. Requirement .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an estimate of— (A)  the annual costs of operating the National Intelligence University; and 
 (B)  the costs to the Federal Government of transferring the National Intelligence University to the Director of National Intelligence. 
 
 (2)  Inclusion of indirect costs .— The estimate submitted under paragraph (1) shall include all indirect costs, including with respect to human resources, security, facilities, and information technology. 
 
 (e)  Degree-granting Authority .— (1)  Effective date. Regulations .— Beginning on the date on which the National Intelligence University is transferred under subsection (a), under regulations prescribed by the Director of National Intelligence, the President of the National Intelligence University may, upon the recommendation of the faculty of the University, confer appropriate degrees upon graduates who meet the degree requirements. 
 (2)  Limitation .— A degree may not be conferred under this section unless— (A)  the Secretary of Education has recommended approval of the degree in accordance with the Federal Policy Governing Granting of Academic Degrees by Federal Agencies; and 
 (B)  the University is accredited by the appropriate civilian academic accrediting agency or organization to award the degree, as determined by the Secretary of Education. 
 
 
 (f)  Congressional Notification Requirements .— (1)  Effective date. Actions on nonaccreditation .— Beginning on the date on which the National Intelligence University is transferred under subsection (a), the Director of National Intelligence shall promptly— (A)  notify the congressional intelligence committees of any action by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education, or other appropriate academic accrediting agency or organization, to not accredit the University to award any new or existing degree; and 
 (B)  Reports. submit to such committees a report containing an explanation of any such action. 
 
 (2)  Effective date. Reports. Modification or redesignation of degree-granting authority .— Beginning on the date on which the National Intelligence University is transferred under subsection (a), upon any modification or redesignation of existing degree-granting authority, the Director shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a report containing the rationale for the proposed modification or redesignation and any subsequent recommendation of the Secretary of Education with respect to the proposed modification or redesignation. 133 STAT. 2137 
 
 (g)  Conforming Repeal .— (1)  In general .— Section 2161 of title 10, United States Code , is  repealed , and the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 108 of such title 10 USC 2161  prec.   is amended  by  striking  the item relating to such section 2161. 
 (2)  10 USC 2161 note . Effective date .— The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date on which the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence jointly submit the joint certifications under subsection (b)(1). Notification.  The Secretary and the Director shall jointly notify the Law Revision Counsel of the House of Representatives of the submission of the certifications so that the Law Revision Counsel may execute the amendments made by paragraph (1). 
 
 (h)  50 USC 3334a . Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; and 
 (B)  the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Phase i joint professional military education .— The term “ Phase I joint professional military education ” has the meaning given that term pursuant to  section 2154 of title 10, United States Code .