SEC. 5511.  ANNUAL REPORTS ON INFLUENCE OPERATIONS AND CAMPAIGNS IN THE UNITED STATES BY THE COMMUNIST PARTY OF CHINA. (a)  Reports .— Title XI of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3231 et seq. ), as amended by section 5332, is further amended by  adding  at the end the following new section: “SEC. 1107.  50 USC 3237 . ANNUAL REPORTS ON INFLUENCE OPERATIONS AND CAMPAIGNS IN THE UNITED STATES BY THE COMMUNIST PARTY OF CHINA. “(a)  Requirement .— On an annual basis, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, the Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the influence operations and campaigns in the United States conducted by the Communist Party of China. 
 “(b)  Assessments. Contents .— Each report under subsection (a) shall include the following: “(1)  A description of the organization of the United Front Work Department of the People’s Republic of China, or the successors of the United Front Work Department, and the links between the United Front Work Department and the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China. 
 “(2)  An assessment of the degree to which organizations that are associated with or receive funding from the United Front Work Department, particularly such entities operating in the United States, are formally tasked by the Chinese Communist Party or the Government of China. 133 STAT. 2147 
 “(3)  A description of the efforts by the United Front Work Department and subsidiary organizations of the United Front Work Department to target, coerce, and influence foreign populations, particularly those of ethnic Chinese descent. 
 “(4)  An assessment of attempts by the Chinese Embassy, consulates, and organizations affiliated with the Chinese Communist Party (including, at a minimum, the United Front Work Department) to influence the United States-based Chinese Student Scholar Associations. 
 “(5)  A description of the evolution of the role of the United Front Work Department under the leadership of the President of China. 
 “(6)  An assessment of the activities of the United Front Work Department designed to influence the opinions of elected leaders of the United States, or candidates for elections in the United States, with respect to issues of importance to the Chinese Communist Party. 
 “(7)  List. A listing of all known organizations affiliated with the United Front Work Department that are operating in the United States as of the date of the report. 
 “(8)  With respect to reports submitted after the first report, an assessment of the change in goals, tactics, techniques, and procedures of the influence operations and campaigns conducted by the Chinese Communist Party. 
 
 “(c)  Coordination .— In carrying out subsection (a), the Director shall coordinate with the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, the Director of the National Security Agency, and any other relevant head of an element of the intelligence community. 
 “(d)  Form .— Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of contents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947, as amended by section 5332, is further amended by  inserting  after the item relating to section 1106 the following new item: 
 
 
 “Sec. 1107.  
 Annual reports on influence operations and campaigns in the United States by the Communist Party of China.”. 
 
 
 (c)  50 USC 3237 note . Initial Report .— The Director of the National Counterintelligence and Security Center shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate the first report under section 1107 of the National Security Act of 1947, as added by subsection (a), by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act.