SEC. 540K.  REPORT ON PRESERVATION OF RECOURSE TO RESTRICTED REPORT ON SEXUAL ASSAULT FOR VICTIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT FOLLOWING CERTAIN VICTIM OR THIRD-PARTY COMMUNICATIONS. (a)  Recommenda- tions. Report Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report making findings and recommendations on the feasibility and advisability of a policy for the Department of Defense that would permit a victim of a sexual assault, that is or may be investigated as a result of a communication described in subsection (b), which victim is a member of the Armed Forces or an adult dependent of a member of the Armed Forces, to have the reporting on the sexual assault be treated as a restricted report without regard to the party initiating or receiving such communication. 
 (b)  Communications .— A communication described in this subsection is a communication reporting a sexual assault as follows: (1)  By the victim to a member of the Armed Forces, whether a commissioned officer or a noncommissioned officer, in the chain of command of the victim or the victim’s military sponsor. 
 (2)  By the victim to military law enforcement personnel or personnel of a military criminal investigative organization (MCIO). 
 (3)  By any individual other than victim. 
 
 (c)  Scope of Findings and Recommendations .— The report required by subsection (a) may include recommendations for new provisions of statute or regulations, or modification of current statute or regulations, that may be required to put into effect the findings and recommendations described in subsection (a). 
 (d)  Consultation .— In preparing the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with the Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces (DAC–IPAD) under section 546 of  133 STAT. 1373 
the Carl Levin and Howard P. “Buck” McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 ( 10 U.S.C. 1561 note ).