SEC. 501.  MAKER OF ORIGINAL APPOINTMENTS IN A REGULAR OR RESERVE COMPONENT OF COMMISSIONED OFFICERS PREVIOUSLY SUBJECT TO ORIGINAL APPOINTMENT IN OTHER TYPE OF COMPONENT. (a)  Maker of Regular Appointments in Transfer From Reserve Active-status List to Active-duty List .— Section 531(c) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  striking  “ the Secretary concerned ” and  inserting  “ the Secretary of Defense ”. 
 (b)  Maker of Reserve Appointments in Transfer From Active-duty List to Reserve Active-status List .— Section 12203(b) of such title  is amended  by  striking  “ the Secretary concerned ” and  inserting  “ the Secretary of Defense ”. 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than April 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the following: (1)  The average number per fiscal year, during fiscal years 2010 through 2019, of transfers of appointment from regular officer to reserve officer in the Armed Forces, set forth by each of transfers requiring and transfers not requiring appointment by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
 (2)  The average amount of time required per fiscal year, during such fiscal years, for completion of a transfer of appointment from regular officer to reserve officer in situations not requiring appointment by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
 (3)  Assessment. An assessment of the number of officers who experience a break-in-service due to delays in transfer of appointment from regular officer to reserve officer as a result of the requirement for appointment by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
 (4)  Assessment. An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of each of the following: (A)  Appointment of regular officers as both a regular officer and a reserve officer immediately upon commissioning. 
 (B)  Consolidation of the provisions of  title 10, United States Code , relating to appointment as a regular or reserve  133 STAT. 1344 
officer in a manner designed to facilitate and improve officer retention. 
 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. Such other recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate to improve the rapid transfer of appointment of an officer from regular status to reserve status.