SEC. 570E.  10 USC 1781 note . PILOT PROGRAM ON INFORMATION SHARING BETWEEN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND DESIGNATED RELATIVES AND FRIENDS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES REGARDING THE EXPERIENCES AND CHALLENGES OF MILITARY SERVICE. (a)  Pilot Program Required .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with the American Red Cross to carry out a pilot program under which the American Red Cross— (A)  encourages a member of the Armed Forces, upon the enlistment or appointment of such member, to designate up to 10 persons to whom information regarding the military service of such member shall be disseminated using contact information obtained under paragraph (6); and 
 (B)  Deadline. provides such persons, within 30 days after the date on which such persons are designated under subparagraph (A), the option to elect to receive such information regarding military service. 
 
 (2)  Dissemination .— The Secretary shall disseminate information described in paragraph (1)(A) under the pilot program on a regular basis. 
 (3)  Types of information .— The types of information to be disseminated under the pilot program to persons who elect to receive such information shall include information regarding— (A)  aspects of daily life and routine experienced by members of the Armed Forces; 
 (B)  the challenges and stresses of military service, particularly during and after deployment as part of a contingency operation; 
 (C)  the services available to members of the Armed Forces and the dependents of such members to cope with the experiences and challenges of military service; 
 (D)  benefits administered by the Department of Defense for members of the Armed Forces and the dependents of such members; 
 (E)  a toll-free telephone number through which such persons who elect to receive information under the pilot program may request information regarding the program; and 
 (F)  such other information as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. 
 
 (4)  Privacy of information .— In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary may not disseminate information under paragraph (3) in violation of laws and regulations pertaining to the privacy of members of the Armed Forces, including requirements pursuant to— (A)  section 552a of title 5, United States Code ; and 
 (B)  the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( Public Law 104–191 ). 
 
 (5)  Notice and modifications .— In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall, with respect to a member of the Armed Forces— 133 STAT. 1401 (A)  ensure that such member is notified of the ability to modify designations made by such member under paragraph (1)(A); and 
 (B)  upon the request of a member, authorize such member to modify such designations at any time. 
 
 (6)  Contact information .— In making a designation under the pilot program, a member of the Armed Forces shall provide necessary contact information, specifically including an email address, to facilitate the dissemination of information regarding the military service of the member. 
 (7)  Opt-in and opt-out of program .— (A)  Opt-in by members .— A member may participate in the pilot program only if the member voluntarily elects to participate in the program. A member seeking to make such an election shall make such election in a manner, and by including such information, as the Secretary and the Red Cross shall jointly specify for purposes of the pilot program. 
 (B)  Opt-in by designated recipients .— A person designated pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) may receive information under the pilot program only if the person makes the election described in paragraph (1)(B). 
 (C)  Opt-out .— In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall, with respect to a person who has elected to receive information under such pilot program, cease disseminating such information to that person upon request of such person. 
 
 
 (b)  Survey and Report on Pilot Program .— (1)  Deadline. Consultation. Survey .— Not later than two years after the date on which the pilot program commences, the Secretary, in consultation with the American Red Cross, shall administer a survey to persons who elected to receive information under the pilot program for the purpose of receiving feedback regarding the quality of information disseminated under this section, including whether such information appropriately reflects the military career progression of members of the Armed Forces. 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than three years after the date on which the pilot program commences, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a final report on the pilot program which includes— (A)  the results of the survey administered under paragraph (1); 
 (B)  Determination. a determination as to whether the pilot program should be made permanent; and 
 (C)  Recommenda- tions. recommendations as to modifications necessary to improve the program if made permanent. 
 
 
 (c)  Termination of Pilot Program .— The pilot program shall terminate upon submission of the report required by subsection (b)(2).