SEC. 527.  10 USC 1552 note . CORRECTION OF CERTAIN DISCHARGE CHARACTERIZATIONS. (a)  In General .— In accordance with this section, and in a manner that is consistent across the military departments to the greatest extent practicable, the appropriate board shall, at the request of a covered member or the authorized representative of a covered member— 133 STAT. 1357 (1)  review the discharge characterization of that covered member; and 
 (2)  change the discharge characterization of that covered member to honorable if the appropriate board determines such change to be appropriate after review under paragraph (1). 
 
 (b)  Appeal .— A covered member or the authorized representative of that covered member may seek review of a decision by the appropriate board not to change the discharge characterization of that covered member. Such review may be made pursuant to  section 1552 of title 10, United States Code , section 1553 of such title, or any other process established by the Secretary of Defense for such purpose. 
 (c)  Change of Records .— For each covered member whose discharge characterization is changed under subsection (a) or (b), the Secretary of the military department concerned shall issue to the covered member or the authorized representative of the covered member a corrected Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form 214), or other like form regularly used by an Armed Force that— (1)  reflects the upgraded discharge characterization of the covered member; and 
 (2)  does not reflect the sexual orientation of the covered member or the original stated reason for the discharge or dismissal of that covered member. 
 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate board ” means a board for the correction of military or naval records under  section 1552 of title 10, United States Code , or a discharge review board under section 1553 of such title, as the case may be. 
 (2)  The term “ authorized representative ” means an heir or legal representative of a covered member. 
 (3)  The term “ covered member ” means any former member of the Armed Forces who was discharged from the Armed Forces because of the sexual orientation of that member. 
 (4)  The term “ discharge characterization ” means the characterization assigned to the service of a covered member on the discharge or dismissal of that covered member from service in the Armed Forces.