SEC. 570F.  10 USC 1142 note . CONNECTIONS OF MEMBERS RETIRING OR SEPARATING FROM THE ARMED FORCES WITH COMMUNITY-BASED ORGANIZATIONS AND RELATED ENTITIES. (a)  Memorandums. In General .— The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly seek to enter into memoranda of understanding or other agreements with State veterans agencies under which information from Department of Defense Form DD– 133 STAT. 1402 
2648 on individuals undergoing retirement, discharge, or release from the Armed Forces is transmitted to one or more State veterans agencies, as elected by such individuals, to provide or connect veterans to benefits or services as follows: (1)  Assistance in preparation of resumes. 
 (2)  Training for employment interviews. 
 (3)  Employment recruitment training. 
 (4)  Other services leading directly to a successful transition from military life to civilian life. 
 (5)  Healthcare, including care for mental health. 
 (6)  Transportation or transportation-related services. 
 (7)  Housing. 
 (8)  Such other benefits or services as the Secretaries jointly consider appropriate for purposes of this section. 
 
 (b)  Information Transmitted .— The information transmitted on individuals as described in subsection (a) shall be such information on Form DD–2648 as the Secretaries jointly consider appropriate to facilitate community-based organizations and related entities in providing or connecting such individuals to benefits and services as described in subsection (a). 
 (c)  Modification of Form DD–2648 .— The Secretary of Defense shall make such modifications to Form DD–2648 as the Secretary considers appropriate to allow an individual filling out the form to indicate an email address at which the individual may be contacted to receive or be connected to benefits or services described in subsection (a). 
 (d)  Voluntary Participation .— Information on an individual may be transmitted to and through a State veterans agency as described in subsection (a) only with the consent of the individual. In giving such consent, an individual shall specify the following: (1)  The State veterans agency or agencies elected by the individual to transmit such information as described in subsection (a). 
 (2)  The benefits and services for which contact information shall be so transmitted. 
 (3)  Such other information on the individual as the individual considers appropriate in connection with the transmittal.