SEC. 5522.  ASSESSMENTS REGARDING THE NORTHERN TRIANGLE AND MEXICO. (a)  Assessment .— (1)  Coordination. Report .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Intelligence and Analysis, the Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research, the Chief of Intelligence of the Drug Enforcement Administration, and other appropriate officials in the intelligence community, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing a comprehensive assessment of drug trafficking, human trafficking, and human smuggling activities in the Northern Triangle and Mexico. 
 (2)  Matters included .— The report under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (A)  An assessment of the effect of drug trafficking, human trafficking, and human smuggling on the security and economic situation in the Northern Triangle. 
 (B)  An assessment of the effect of the activities of drug trafficking organizations on the migration of persons from the Northern Triangle to the United States-Mexico border. 
 (C)  Summary. A summary of any relevant activities by elements of the intelligence community in relation to drug trafficking, human trafficking, and human smuggling in the Northern Triangle and Mexico. 
 (D)  An assessment of methods and routes used by drug trafficking organizations, human traffickers, and human smugglers to move drugs, persons, or both from the Northern Triangle and Mexico to the United States. 
 (E)  An assessment of the intersection between the activities of drug trafficking organizations, human traffickers and human smugglers, and other organized criminal groups in the Northern Triangle and Mexico. 
 (F)  An assessment of the illicit funds and financial transactions that support the activities of drug trafficking organizations, human traffickers, and human smugglers, and connected criminal enterprises, in the Northern Triangle and Mexico. 
 (G)  Review. A comprehensive review of the current collection priorities of the intelligence community for the Northern Triangle and Mexico, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, in order to identify whether such priorities are appropriate and sufficient in light of the threat posed by the activities of drug trafficking organizations and human traffickers and human smugglers to the security of the United States and the Western Hemisphere. 
 
 (3)  Form .— The report required by paragraph (1) may be submitted in classified form, but if so submitted, shall contain an unclassified summary. 
 (4)  Public information. Availability .— The report under paragraph (1), or the unclassified summary of the report described in paragraph (3), shall be made publicly available. 133 STAT. 2153 
 
 (b)  Time periods. Briefings .— (1)  Deadlines. Semiannual requirement .— Not later than 90 days after the date on which the report under subsection (a) is submitted, and every 180 days thereafter for a 5-year period, the Director of National Intelligence shall provide to the congressional intelligence committees a briefing on the intelligence community’s collection priorities and activities in the Northern Triangle and Mexico with a focus on the threat posed by the activities of drug trafficking organizations and human traffickers and human smugglers to the security of the United States and the Western Hemisphere. 
 (2)  Matters included .— Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall include a description of the funds expended by the intelligence community on the efforts described in such paragraph during the preceding fiscal year, except the first such briefing shall cover fiscal years 2018 and 2019. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
 
 (2)  Human trafficking .— The term “ human trafficking ” has the meaning given the term “ severe forms of trafficking in persons ” by section 103 of the Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000 ( 22 U.S.C. 7102 ). 
 (3)  Northern triangle .— The term “ Northern Triangle ” means El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras.