SEC. 574.  MILITARY FUNERAL HONORS MATTERS. (a)  Full Military Honors Ceremony for Certain Veterans .— Section 1491(b) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following: “(3)  Determination. The Secretary concerned shall provide full military honors (as determined by the Secretary concerned) for the funeral of a veteran who— “(A)  is first interred or first inurned in Arlington National Cemetery on or after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020; 
 “(B)  was awarded the medal of honor or the prisoner-of-war medal; and 
 “(C)  is not entitled to full military honors by the grade of that veteran.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  10 USC 1491 note . Full Military Funeral Honors for Veterans at Military Installations .— (1)  Installation plans for honors required .— The commander of each military installation at or through which a funeral honors detail for a veteran is provided pursuant to  section 1491 of title 10, United States Code  (as amended by subsection (a)), shall maintain and carry out a plan for the  133 STAT. 1405 
provision, upon request, of full military funeral honors at funerals of veterans for whom a funeral honors detail is authorized in that section. 
 (2)  Elements .— Each plan of an installation under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Mechanisms to ensure compliance with the requirements applicable to the composition of funeral honors details in  section 1491(b) of title 10, United States Code  (as so amended). 
 (B)  Mechanisms to ensure compliance with the requirements for ceremonies for funerals in section 1491(c) of such title. 
 (C)  In addition to the ceremonies required pursuant to subparagraph (B), the provision of a gun salute, if otherwise authorized, for each funeral by appropriate personnel, including personnel of the installation, members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces residing in the vicinity of the installation who are ordered to funeral honors duty, or members of veterans organizations or other organizations referred to in section 1491(b)(2) of such title. 
 (D)  Mechanisms for the provision of support authorized by section 1491(d) of such title. 
 (E)  Such other mechanisms and activities as the Secretary concerned considers appropriate in order to assure that full military funeral honors are provided upon request at funerals of veterans. 
 
 (3)  Definitions .— In this subsection: (A)  The term “ Secretary concerned ” has the meaning given that term in  section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (B)  The term “ veteran ” has the meaning given that term in  section 1491(h) of title 10, United States Code .