SEC. 534.  PUBLIC ACCESS TO DOCKETS, FILINGS, AND COURT RECORDS OF COURTS-MARTIAL OR OTHER RECORDS OF TRIAL OF THE MILITARY JUSTICE SYSTEM. (a)  In General .— Section 940a of title 10, United States Code  (article 140a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice),  is amended — (1)  by  striking  “ The Secretary of Defense ” and  inserting  “ (a)  In General .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, ”; 
 (2)  in subsection (a), as designated by paragraph (1)— (A)  in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by  inserting  “ (including with respect to the Coast Guard) ” after “ military justice system ”; and 
 (B)  in paragraph (4), by  inserting  “ public ” before “ access to docket information ”; and 
 
 (3)  by  adding  at the end the following new subsections: “(b)  Protection of Certain Personally Identifiable Information .— Records of trial, docket information, filings, and other records made publicly accessible in accordance with the uniform standards and criteria for conduct established by the Secretary under subsection (a) shall restrict access to personally identifiable information of minors and victims of crime (including victims of sexual assault and domestic violence), as practicable to the extent  133 STAT. 1362 
such information is restricted in electronic filing systems of Federal and State courts. 
 “(c)  Inapplicability to Certain Dockets and Records .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to provide public access to docket information, filings, or records that are classified, subject to a judicial protective order, or ordered sealed.” 
 . 
 
 (b)  Applicability. Consultation. 10 USC 940a note . Existing Standards and Criteria .— The Secretary of Homeland Security shall apply to the Coast Guard the standards and criteria for conduct established by the Secretary of Defense under  section 940a of title 10, United States Code  (article 140a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, until such time as the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, prescribes revised standards and criteria for conduct under such section that implement the amendments made by subsection (a) of this section.