SEC. 6609.  INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY REPORTS ON SECURITY CLEARANCES. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  despite sustained efforts by Congress and the executive branch, an unacceptable backlog in processing and adjudicating security clearances persists, both within elements of the intelligence community and in other departments of the Federal Government, with some processing times exceeding a year or even more; 
 (2)  the protracted clearance timetable threatens the ability of elements of the intelligence community to hire and retain highly qualified individuals, and thus to fulfill the missions of such elements; 
 (3)  the prospect of a lengthy clearance process deters some such individuals from seeking employment with the intelligence community in the first place, and, when faced with a long wait time, those with conditional offers of employment may opt to discontinue the security clearance process and pursue different opportunities; 
 (4)  now more than ever, therefore, the broken security clearance process badly needs fundamental reform; and 
 (5)  in the meantime, to ensure the ability of elements of the intelligence community to hire and retain highly qualified personnel, elements should consider, to the extent possible and consistent with national security, permitting new employees  133 STAT. 2217 
to enter on duty immediately or nearly so, and to perform, on a temporary basis pending final adjudication of their security clearances, work that either does not require a security clearance or requires only a low-level interim clearance. 
 
 (b)  Reports Required .— Section 506H of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3104 )  is amended — (1)  in subsection (a)(1)— (A)  in subparagraph (A)(ii), by  adding  “ and ” at the end; 
 (B)  in subparagraph (B)(ii), by  striking  “ ; and ” and  inserting  a period; and 
 (C)  by  striking  subparagraph (C); 
 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subsection (b) as subsection (c); 
 (3)  by  inserting  after subsection (a) the following: “(b)  Intelligence Community Reports .— (1) (A)  Not later than March 1 of each year, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives regarding the security clearances processed by each element of the intelligence community during the preceding fiscal year. 
 “(B)  Determination. The Director shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives such portions of the report submitted under subparagraph (A) as the Director determines address elements of the intelligence community that are within the Department of Defense. 
 “(C)  Each report submitted under this paragraph shall separately identify security clearances processed for Federal employees and contractor employees sponsored by each such element. 
 
 “(2)  Each report submitted under paragraph (1)(A) shall include, for each element of the intelligence community for the fiscal year covered by the report, the following: “(A)  The total number of initial security clearance background investigations sponsored for new applicants. 
 “(B)  The total number of security clearance periodic reinvestigations sponsored for existing employees. 
 “(C)  The total number of initial security clearance background investigations for new applicants that were adjudicated with notice of a determination provided to the prospective applicant, including— “(i)  the total number of such adjudications that were adjudicated favorably and granted access to classified information; and 
 “(ii)  the total number of such adjudications that were adjudicated unfavorably and resulted in a denial or revocation of a security clearance. 
 
 “(D)  The total number of security clearance periodic background investigations that were adjudicated with notice of a determination provided to the existing employee, including— “(i)  the total number of such adjudications that were adjudicated favorably; and 
 “(ii)  the total number of such adjudications that were adjudicated unfavorably and resulted in a denial or revocation of a security clearance. 133 STAT. 2218 
 
 “(E)  Time periods. The total number of pending security clearance background investigations, including initial applicant investigations and periodic reinvestigations, that were not adjudicated as of the last day of such year and that remained pending, categorized as follows: “(i)  For 180 days or shorter. 
 “(ii)  For longer than 180 days, but shorter than 12 months. 
 “(iii)  For 12 months or longer, but shorter than 18 months. 
 “(iv)  For 18 months or longer, but shorter than 24 months. 
 “(v)  For 24 months or longer. 
 
 “(F)  Determinations. Time period. For any security clearance determinations completed or pending during the year preceding the year for which the report is submitted that have taken longer than 12 months to complete— “(i)  an explanation of the causes for the delays incurred during the period covered by the report; and 
 “(ii)  the number of such delays involving a polygraph requirement. 
 
 “(G)  The percentage of security clearance investigations, including initial and periodic reinvestigations, that resulted in a denial or revocation of a security clearance. 
 “(H)  The percentage of security clearance investigations that resulted in incomplete information. 
 “(I)  The percentage of security clearance investigations that did not result in enough information to make a decision on potentially adverse information. 
 
 “(3)  The report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.” 
 
 ; and 
 (4)  in subsection (c), as redesignated, by  striking  “ subsection (a)(1) ” and  inserting  “ subsections (a)(1) and (b) ”.