SEC. 6602.  50 USC 3352a . REPORTS AND PLANS RELATING TO SECURITY CLEARANCES AND BACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS. (a)  Sense of Congress .— It is the sense of Congress that— (1)  ensuring the trustworthiness and security of the workforce, facilities, and information of the Federal Government is of the highest priority to national security and public safety; 
 (2)  the President and Congress should prioritize the modernization of the personnel security framework to improve its efficiency, effectiveness, and accountability; 
 (3)  the current system for background investigations for security clearances, suitability and fitness for employment, and credentialing lacks efficiencies and capabilities to meet the current threat environment, recruit and retain a trusted workforce, and capitalize on modern technologies; and 
 (4)  changes to policies or processes to improve this system should be vetted through the Council to ensure standardization, portability, and reciprocity in security clearances across the Federal Government. 
 
 (b)  Accountability Plans and Reports .— (1)  Plans .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Council shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and make available to appropriate industry partners the following: (A)  A plan, with milestones, to reduce the background investigation inventory to 200,000, or an otherwise sustainable steady-level, by the end of year 2020. Such plan shall include notes of any required changes in investigative and adjudicative standards or resources. 
 (B)  A plan to consolidate the conduct of background investigations associated with the processing for security clearances in the most effective and efficient manner in the Defense Counterintelligence and Security Agency. Such plan shall address required funding, personnel, contracts, information technology, field office structure, policy, governance, schedule, transition costs, and effects on stakeholders. 
 
 (2)  Report on the future of personnel security .— (A)  In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Council, in coordination with the members of the Council, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and make available to appropriate industry partners a report on the future of personnel security to reflect changes in threats, the workforce, and technology. 
 (B)  Contents .— The report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i)  A risk framework for granting and renewing access to classified information. 
 (ii)  A discussion of the use of technologies to prevent, detect, and monitor threats. 
 (iii)  A discussion of efforts to address reciprocity and portability. 
 (iv)  A discussion of the characteristics of effective insider threat programs. 133 STAT. 2211 
 (v)  Analysis. An analysis of how to integrate data from continuous vetting, insider threat programs, and human resources data. 
 (vi)  Recommenda- tions. Coordination. Recommendations on interagency governance. 
 
 
 (3)  Plan for implementation .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman of the Council, in coordination with the members of the Council, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and make available to appropriate industry partners a plan to implement the report’s framework and recommendations submitted under paragraph (2)(A). 
 (4)  Public information. Congressional notifications .— Not less frequently than quarterly, the Security Executive Agent shall make available to the public a report regarding the status of the disposition of requests received from departments and agencies of the Federal Government for a change to, or approval under, the Federal investigative standards, the national adjudicative guidelines, continuous vetting, or other national policy regarding personnel security.