SEC. 6433.  ESTABLISHMENT OF ADVISORY BOARD FOR NATIONAL RECONNAISSANCE OFFICE. (a)  Establishment .— Section 106A of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3041a )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(d)  Advisory Board .— “(1)  Establishment .— There is established in the National Reconnaissance Office an advisory board (in this section referred to as the ‘Board’). 
 “(2)  Duties .— The Board shall— “(A)  study matters relating to the mission of the National Reconnaissance Office, including with respect to promoting innovation, competition, and resilience in space, overhead reconnaissance, acquisition, and other matters; and 
 “(B)  advise and report directly to the Director with respect to such matters. 133 STAT. 2201 
 
 “(3)  Members .— “(A)  Number and appointment .— “(i)  In general .— The Board shall be composed of five members appointed by the Director from among individuals with demonstrated academic, government, business, or other expertise relevant to the mission and functions of the National Reconnaissance Office. 
 “(ii)  Deadline. Notification .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Director appoints a member to the Board, the Director shall notify the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense committees (as defined in  section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code ) of such appointment. 
 
 “(B)  Terms .— Each member shall be appointed for a term of 2 years. Except as provided by subparagraph (C), a member may not serve more than three terms. 
 “(C)  Vacancy .— Any member appointed to fill a vacancy occurring before the expiration of the term for which the member’s predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of that term. A member may serve after the expiration of that member’s term until a successor has taken office. 
 “(D)  Chair .— The Board shall have a Chair, who shall be appointed by the Director from among the members. 
 “(E)  Travel expenses .— Each member shall receive travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with applicable provisions under  subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code . 
 “(F)  Appointment. Executive secretary .— The Director may appoint an executive secretary, who shall be an employee of the National Reconnaissance Office, to support the Board. 
 
 “(4)  Meetings .— The Board shall meet not less than quarterly, but may meet more frequently at the call of the Director. 
 “(5)  Reports .— Not later than March 31 of each year, the Board shall submit to the Director and to the congressional intelligence committees a report on the activities and significant findings of the Board during the preceding year. 
 “(6)  Nonapplicability of certain requirements .— The Federal Advisory Committee Act ( 5 U.S.C. App. ) shall not apply to the Board. 
 “(7)  Termination .— The Board shall terminate on the date that is 3 years after the date of the first meeting of the Board.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Deadline. 50 USC 3041a note . Initial Appointments .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Reconnaissance Office shall appoint the initial five members to the advisory board under subsection (d) of section 106A of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3041a ), as added by subsection (a).