SEC. 6605.  SECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT. (a)  In General .— Title VIII of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3161 et seq. )  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  sections 803  50 USC 3163 , 3164. and 804 as sections 804 and 805, respectively; and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after section 802 the following: “SEC. 803.  50 USC 3162a . SECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT. “(a)  In General .— The Director of National Intelligence, or such other officer of the United States as the President may designate, shall serve as the Security Executive Agent for all departments and agencies of the United States. 
 “(b)  Duties .— The duties of the Security Executive Agent are as follows: 133 STAT. 2214 “(1)  To direct the oversight of investigations, reinvestigations, adjudications, and, as applicable, polygraphs for eligibility for access to classified information or eligibility to hold a sensitive position made by any Federal agency. 
 “(2)  Review. To review the national security background investigation and adjudication programs of Federal agencies to determine whether such programs are being implemented in accordance with this section. 
 “(3)  Procedures. To develop and issue uniform and consistent policies and procedures to ensure the effective, efficient, timely, and secure completion of investigations, polygraphs, and adjudications relating to determinations of eligibility for access to classified information or eligibility to hold a sensitive position. 
 “(4)  Unless otherwise designated by law, to serve as the final authority to designate a Federal agency or agencies to conduct investigations of persons who are proposed for access to classified information or for eligibility to hold a sensitive position to ascertain whether such persons satisfy the criteria for obtaining and retaining access to classified information or eligibility to hold a sensitive position, as applicable. 
 “(5)  Unless otherwise designated by law, to serve as the final authority to designate a Federal agency or agencies to determine eligibility for access to classified information or eligibility to hold a sensitive position in accordance with Executive Order No. 12968 ( 50 U.S.C. 3161 note ; relating to access to classified information). 
 “(6)  Review. To review and approve the policies of the Federal agencies that ensure reciprocal recognition of eligibility for access to classified information or eligibility to hold a sensitive position among Federal agencies, and to act as the final authority to arbitrate and resolve disputes among such agencies involving the reciprocity of investigations and adjudications of eligibility. 
 “(7)  To execute all other duties assigned to the Security Executive Agent by law. 
 
 “(c)  Authorities .— The Security Executive Agent shall— “(1)  Guidelines. issue guidelines and instructions to the heads of Federal agencies to ensure appropriate uniformity, centralization, efficiency, effectiveness, timeliness, and security in processes relating to determinations by such agencies of eligibility for access to classified information or eligibility to hold a sensitive position, including such matters as investigations, polygraphs, adjudications, and reciprocity; 
 “(2)  have the authority to grant exceptions to, or waivers of, national security investigative requirements, including issuing implementing or clarifying guidance, as necessary; 
 “(3)  have the authority to assign, in whole or in part, to the head of any Federal agency (solely or jointly) any of the duties of the Security Executive Agent described in subsection (b) or the authorities described in paragraphs (1) and (2), provided that the exercise of such assigned duties or authorities is subject to the oversight of the Security Executive Agent, including such terms and conditions (including approval by the Security Executive Agent) as the Security Executive Agent determines appropriate; and 133 STAT. 2215 
 “(4)  Standards. define and set standards for continuous vetting for continued access to classified information and for eligibility to hold a sensitive position.” 
 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  Report on Recommendations for Revising Authorities .— Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Chairman of the Council submits to the appropriate congressional committees the report required by section 6602(b)(2)(A), the Chairman shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees such recommendations as the Chairman may have for revising the authorities of the Security Executive Agent. 
 (c)  Conforming Amendment .— Section 103H(j)(4)(A) of such Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3033(j)(4)(A) )  is amended  by  striking  “ in section 804 ” and  inserting  “ in section 805 ”. 
 (d)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of contents in the matter preceding section 2 of such Act ( 50 U.S.C. 3002 )  is amended  by  striking  the items relating to sections 803 and 804 and  inserting  the following: 
 
 
 “Sec. 803.  
 Security Executive Agent. 
 
 “Sec. 804.  
 Exceptions. 
 
 “Sec. 805.  
 Definitions.”.