SEC. 6729.  INTELLIGENCE ASSESSMENT OF NORTH KOREA REVENUE SOURCES. (a)  Deadline. Coordination. Assessment Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research and the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Intelligence and Analysis, shall produce an intelligence assessment of the revenue sources of the North Korean regime. Such assessment shall include revenue from the following sources: (1)  Trade in coal, iron, and iron ore. 
 (2)  The provision of fishing rights to North Korean territorial waters. 
 (3)  Trade in gold, titanium ore, vanadium ore, copper, silver, nickel, zinc, or rare earth minerals, and other stores of value. 
 (4)  Trade in textiles. 
 (5)  Sales of conventional defense articles and services. 
 (6)  Sales of controlled goods, ballistic missiles, and other associated items. 
 (7)  Other types of manufacturing for export, as the Director of National Intelligence considers appropriate. 
 (8)  The exportation of workers from North Korea in a manner intended to generate significant revenue, directly or indirectly, for use by the government of North Korea. 
 (9)  The provision of nonhumanitarian goods (such as food, medicine, and medical devices) and services by other countries. 
 (10)  The provision of services, including banking and other support, including by entities located in the Russian Federation, China, and Iran. 
 (11)  Online commercial activities of the Government of North Korea, including online gambling. 
 (12)  Criminal activities, including cyber-enabled crime and counterfeit goods. 133 STAT. 2238 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The assessment required under subsection (a) shall include an identification of each of the following: (1)  The sources of North Korea’s funding. 
 (2)  Financial and nonfinancial networks, including supply chain management, transportation, and facilitation, through which North Korea accesses the United States and international financial systems and repatriates and exports capital, goods, and services; and 
 (3)  the global financial institutions, money services business, and payment systems that assist North Korea with financial transactions. 
 
 (c)  Submittal to Congress .— Upon completion of the assessment required under subsection (a), the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a copy of such assessment.