SEC. 6601.  50 USC 3352 . DEFINITIONS.   In this title: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; 
 (C)  the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
 (D)  the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; 
 (E)  the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; 
 (F)  the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; 
 (G)  the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and 
 (H)  the Committee on Oversight and Reform of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Appropriate industry partner .— The term “ appropriate industry partner ” means a contractor, licensee, or grantee (as defined in section 101(a) of Executive Order No. 12829 ( 50 U.S.C. 3161 note ; relating to National Industrial Security Program)) that is participating in the National Industrial Security Program established by such Executive order. 
 (3)  Continuous vetting .— The term “ continuous vetting ” has the meaning given such term in Executive Order No. 13467 ( 50 U.S.C. 3161 note ; relating to reforming processes for determining suitability for government employment, fitness for contractor employees, and eligibility for access to classified national security information). 
 (4)  Council .— The term “ Council ” means the Security, Suitability, and Credentialing Performance Accountability Council established pursuant to such Executive order, or any successor entity. 
 (5)  Reciprocity .— The term “ reciprocity ” means reciprocal recognition by Federal departments and agencies of eligibility for access to classified information. 
 (6)  Security executive agent .— The term “ Security Executive Agent ” means the officer serving as the Security Executive Agent pursuant to section 803 of the National Security Act of 1947, as added by section 6605. 
 (7)  Suitability and credentialing executive agent .— The term “ Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent ” means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management acting as the Suitability and Credentialing Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order No. 13467 ( 50 U.S.C. 3161 note ; relating to reforming processes related to suitability for Government employment, fitness for contractor employees, and  133 STAT. 2210 
eligibility for access to classified national security information), or any successor entity.