SEC. 6303.  MODIFICATION OF SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITY FOR SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, OR MATHEMATICS POSITIONS AND ADDITION OF SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITY FOR CYBER POSITIONS.   Section 113B of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3049a )  is amended — (1)  by  amending  subsection (a) to read as follows: “(a)  Special Rates of Pay for Positions Requiring Expertise in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics .— “(1)  In general .— Notwithstanding part III of  title 5, United States Code , the head of each element of the intelligence community may, for one or more categories of positions in such element that require expertise in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics— “(A)  establish higher minimum rates of pay; and 133 STAT. 2187 
 “(B)  make corresponding increases in all rates of pay of the pay range for each grade or level, subject to subsection (b) or (c), as applicable. 
 
 “(2)  Treatment .— The special rate supplements resulting from the establishment of higher rates under paragraph (1) shall be basic pay for the same or similar purposes as those specified in  section 5305(j) of title 5, United States Code .” 
 
 ; 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subsections (b) through (f) as subsections (c) through (g), respectively; 
 (3)  by  inserting  after subsection (a) the following: “(b)  Special Rates of Pay for Cyber Positions .— “(1)  Certifications. In general .— Notwithstanding subsection (c), the Director of the National Security Agency may establish a special rate of pay— “(A)  Consultation. not to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for level II of the Executive Schedule under  section 5313 of title 5, United States Code , if the Director certifies to the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, that the rate of pay is for positions that perform functions that execute the cyber mission of the Agency; or 
 “(B)  not to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for the Vice President of the United States under  section 104 of title 3, United States Code , if the Director certifies to the Secretary of Defense, by name, individuals that have advanced skills and competencies and that perform critical functions that execute the cyber mission of the Agency. 
 
 “(2)  Pay limitation .— Employees receiving a special rate under paragraph (1) shall be subject to an aggregate pay limitation that parallels the limitation established in  section 5307 of title 5, United States Code , except that— “(A)  any allowance, differential, bonus, award, or other similar cash payment in addition to basic pay that is authorized under  title 10, United States Code , (or any other applicable law in addition to title 5 of such Code, excluding the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 ( 29 U.S.C. 201 et seq. )) shall also be counted as part of aggregate compensation; and 
 “(B)  aggregate compensation may not exceed the rate established for the Vice President of the United States under  section 104 of title 3, United States Code . 
 
 “(3)  Limitation on number of recipients .— The number of individuals who receive basic pay established under paragraph (1)(B) may not exceed 100 at any time. 
 “(4)  Limitation on use as comparative reference .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, special rates of pay and the limitation established under paragraph (1)(B) may not be used as comparative references for the purpose of fixing the rates of basic pay or maximum pay limitations of qualified positions under  section 1599f of title 10, United States Code , or section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 ( 6 U.S.C. 147 ).” 
 
 ; 
 (4)  in subsection (c), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by  striking  “ A minimum ” and  inserting  “ Except as provided in subsection (b), a minimum ”; 133 STAT. 2188 
 (5)  in subsection (d), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by  inserting  “ or (b) ” after “ by subsection (a) ”; and 
 (6)  in subsection (g), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 ” and  inserting  “ Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Damon Paul Nelson and Matthew Young Pollard Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Years 2018 and 2019 ”; and 
 (B)  in paragraph (2)(A), by  inserting  “ or (b) ” after “ subsection (a) ”.