SEC. 606.  REINVESTMENT OF TRAVEL REFUNDS BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. (a)  Refunds for Official Travel .— Subchapter I of chapter 8 of title 37, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new section: “§ 456. 37 USC 456 .  Managed travel program refunds “(a)  Credit of Refunds .— The Secretary of Defense may credit refunds attributable to Department of Defense managed travel programs as a direct result of official travel to such operation and maintenance or research, development, test, and evaluation accounts of the Department as designated by the Secretary that are available for obligation for the fiscal year in which the refund or amount is collected. 
 “(b)  Use of Refunds .— Refunds credited under subsection (a) may only be used for official travel or operations and efficiency improvements for improved financial management of official travel. 
 “(c)  Definitions .— In this section: “(1)  Managed travel program .— The term ‘ managed travel program ’ includes air, rental car, train, bus, dining, lodging, and travel management, but does not include rebates or refunds attributable to the use of the Government travel card, the Government Purchase Card, or Government travel arranged by Government Contracted Travel Management Centers. 133 STAT. 1425 
 “(2)  Refund .— The term ‘ refund ’ includes miscellaneous receipts credited to the Department identified as a refund, rebate, repayment, or other similar amounts collected.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Clerical Amendment .— The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 8 of such title 37 USC 451  prec.   is amended  by  inserting  after the item relating to section 455 the following new item: 
 
 “456.  
 Managed travel program refunds.”. 
 
 
 (c)  Clarification on Retention of Travel Promotional Items .— Section 1116(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 ( Public Law 107–107 ;  5 U.S.C. 5702 note )  is amended — (1)  by  striking  “ Definition .—In this section, the term ” and  inserting  the following:  “ Definitions .—In this section: “(1)  The term” 
 ; and 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(2)  The term ‘ general public ’ includes the Federal Government or an agency.” 
 .