SEC. 656.  REPORT ON FOOD INSECURITY AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR DEPENDENTS. (a)  Report Required .— Not later than May 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on food insecurity among members of the Armed Forces and their dependents. 
 (b)  Assessments. Elements .— The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An assessment of the current extent of food insecurity among members of the Armed Forces and their dependents, including a description and analysis of the following: (A)  Use of food assistance by members and their dependents, as revealed in data of the Department of Defense and other data available to the Department. 
 (B)  Use of free and reduced price school meals by dependents. 
 (C)  Use of food banks or similar assistance by members and their dependents. 133 STAT. 1434 
 
 (2)  A description and assessment of the barriers, if any, to qualification for or access to adequate food assistance of any type by members of the Armed Forces and their dependents. 
 (3)  A description of the number of members of the Armed Forces overseas who enrolled in the Family Supplemental Subsistence Allowance (FSSA) program under  section 402a of title 37, United States Code , during the five-fiscal year period ending with fiscal year 2019, and of the cost to the Department of such enrollment during each fiscal year concerned. 
 (4)  An assessment of the effectiveness of the Family Supplemental Subsistence Allowance program for members of the Armed Forces overseas. 
 (5)  A description and assessment of the participation of members of the Armed Forces in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), including with respect to the following: (A)  Coordination between the Department of Defense and the Department of Agriculture for purposes of determining the numbers of members currently participating in the program. 
 (B)  Career stigma for members resulting from participation in the program. 
 (C)  Adverse consequences for member personal financial management resulting from participation in the program. 
 (D)  Other support available to and used by members to meet basic needs requirements. 
 
 (6)  An assessment of food insecurity among members of the Armed Forces who reside in on-post housing (and thus do not receive basic allowance for housing (BAH)) and their dependents, including eligibility of such members for and participation of such members in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. 
 (7)  An assessment of the feasability and advisability of a basic needs allowance for low-income members of the Armed Forces (including an allowance calculated both with and without basic allowance for housing included in the determination of member gross household income), including with respect to the following: (A)  The maximum member gross household income for eligibility for the allowance. 
 (B)  The number of members who would be eligible for the allowance. 
 (C)  The optimal average annual amount of the allowance. 
 (D)  The total annual cost of paying the allowance. 
 (E)  Whether particular geographic locations would include large number of members eligible for the allowance. 
 (F)  The effects of payment of the allowance on recruitment and retention of members, and on member morale and conduct. 
 
 (8)  Recommenda- tions. Any other recommendations for policies, programs, and activities to address food insecurity among members of the Armed Forces and their dependents that the Secretary considers appropriate. 133 STAT. 1435