SEC. 6716.  50 USC 3370a . BIENNIAL REPORT ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISKS. (a)  Intelligence Community Interagency Working Group .— (1)  Requirement to establish .— The Director of National Intelligence shall establish an intelligence community interagency working group to prepare the biennial reports required by subsection (b). 
 (2)  Chairperson .— The Director of National Intelligence shall serve as the chairperson of such interagency working group. 
 (3)  Membership .— Such interagency working group shall be composed of representatives of each element of the intelligence community that the Director of National Intelligence determines appropriate. 
 
 (b)  Biennial Report on Foreign Investment Risks .— (1)  Report required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on foreign investment risks prepared by the interagency working group established under subsection (a). 
 (2)  Analysis. Elements .— Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include identification, analysis, and explanation of the following: (A)  Any current or projected major threats to the national security of the United States with respect to foreign investment. 
 (B)  Any strategy used by a foreign country that such interagency working group has identified to be a country  133 STAT. 2228 
of special concern to use foreign investment to target the acquisition of critical technologies, critical materials, or critical infrastructure. 
 (C)  Any economic espionage efforts directed at the United States by a foreign country, particularly such a country of special concern. 
 
 
 (c)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.