SEC. 633.  GAO REVIEW OF DEFENSE RESALE OPTIMIZATION STUDY. (a)  Review .— The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the business case analysis performed as part of the defense resale optimization study conducted by the Reform Management Group, titled “Study to Determine the Feasibility of Consolidation of the Defense Resale Entities” and dated December 4, 2018. 
 (b)  Reports Required; Elements .— Not later than March 1, 2020, and June 1, 2020, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an interim report and a final report, respectively,  133 STAT. 1430 
regarding the review performed under this section. Evaluations.  Each report shall include evaluations of the following: (1)  The descriptions and justifications for the assumptions, analytical choices and data used by the Reform Management Group to calculate: (A)  Pricing. 
 (B)  Sales assumptions. 
 (C)  Accuracy of methods employed to measure patron savings levels. 
 
 (2)  The timetable for consolidation of military exchanges and commissaries. 
 (3)  The recommendations for consolidation developed as part of the business case analysis, including the overall cost of consolidation. 
 (4)  The budget and oversight implications of merging non-appropriated funds and appropriated funds to implement the recommended reforms. 
 (5)  The extent to which the Reform Management Group coordinated with the Secretaries of the military departments and the chiefs of the Armed Forces in preparing the study. 
 (6)  The extent to which the Reform Management Group addressed concerns of the Secretaries of the military departments and the chiefs of the Armed Forces in the study. 
 (7)  If the recommendations in the business case analysis were implemented— (A)  the ability of military exchanges and commissaries to provide earnings to support on-base morale, welfare, and recreation programs; and 
 (B)  the financial viability of the military exchanges and commissaries. 
 
 
 (c)  Notification. Delay on Consolidation .— The Secretary of Defense may not take any action to consolidate military exchanges and commissaries until the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives notify the Secretary in writing of receipt and acceptance of the findings of the Comptroller General in the reports required under this section.