SEC. 7431.  President. SUSPENSION OF SANCTIONS. (a)  Time period. Determination. In General .— The President may suspend in whole or in part the imposition of sanctions otherwise required under this Act or the imposition of sanctions required by any amendment made by this title for renewable periods not to exceed 180 days if the President determines that the following criteria have been met in Syria: (1)  The air space over Syria is no longer being utilized by the Government of Syria or the Government of the Russian Federation to target civilian populations through the use of incendiary devices, including barrel bombs, chemical weapons, and conventional arms (including air-delivered missiles and explosives). 
 (2)  Areas besieged by the Government of Syria, the Government of the Russian Federation, the Government of Iran, or a foreign person described in section 7412(a)(2)(A)(ii) are no longer cut off from international aid and have regular access to humanitarian assistance, freedom of travel, and medical care. 
 (3)  The Government of Syria is releasing all political prisoners forcibly held within the prison system of the regime of Bashar al-Assad and the Government of Syria is allowing full access to prison system facilities for investigations by appropriate international human rights organizations. 
 (4)  The forces of the Government of Syria, the Government of the Russian Federation, the Government of Iran, and any foreign person described in section 7412(a)(2)(A)(ii) are no longer engaged in deliberate targeting of medical facilities, schools, residential areas, and community gathering places, including markets, in violation of international norms. 
 (5)  The Government of Syria is— (A)  taking steps to verifiably fulfill its commitments under the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on their Destruction, done at Geneva September 3, 1992, and entered into force April 29, 1997 (commonly known as the “Chemical Weapons Convention”), and the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, done at Washington, London, and Moscow July 1, 1968, and entered into force March 5, 1970 (21 UST 483); and 
 (B)  making tangible progress toward becoming a signatory to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on their Destruction, done at Washington, London, and Moscow April 10, 1972, and entered into force March 26, 1975 (26 UST 583). 
 
 (6)  The Government of Syria is permitting the safe, voluntary, and dignified return of Syrians displaced by the conflict. 
 (7)  The Government of Syria is taking verifiable steps to establish meaningful accountability for perpetrators of war crimes in Syria and justice for victims of war crimes committed by the Assad regime, including through participation in a credible and independent truth and reconciliation process. 133 STAT. 2298 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Briefing Required .— Not later than 30 days after the President makes a determination described in subsection (a), the President shall provide a briefing to the appropriate congressional committees on the determination and the suspension of sanctions pursuant to the determination. 
 (c)  Determination. Reimposition of Sanctions .— Any sanctions suspended under subsection (a) shall be reimposed if the President determines that the criteria described in that subsection are no longer being met. 
 (d)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the President to terminate the application of sanctions under section 7412 with respect to a person that no longer engages in activities described in subsection (a)(2) of that section. 
 (e)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Ways and Means, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate.