SEC. 706.  MODIFICATIONS TO POST-DEPLOYMENT MENTAL HEALTH ASSESSMENTS FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DEPLOYED IN SUPPORT OF A CONTINGENCY OPERATION. (a)  Time periods. Required Assessments .— Section 1074m(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  striking  subparagraphs (C) and (D) and  inserting  the following new subparagraphs: “(C)  Subject to paragraph (3) and subsection (d), once during the period beginning on the date of redeployment from the contingency operation and ending on the date that is 21 days after the date on which the post-deployment leave of the member terminates. 
 “(D)  Subject to subsection (d), not less than once annually— “(i)  beginning 21 days after the date on which the post-deployment leave of the member terminates; or 133 STAT. 1441 
 “(ii)  if the assessment required by subparagraph (C) is performed during the period specified in paragraph (3), beginning 180 days after the date of redeployment from the contingency operation.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Exceptions .— Section 1074m(a) of such title, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by  striking  paragraph (2) and  inserting  the following new paragraphs: “(2)  A mental health assessment is not required for a member of the armed forces under subparagraphs (C) and (D) of paragraph (1) (including an assessment performed pursuant to paragraph (3)) if the Secretary determines that providing such assessment to the member during the time periods under such subparagraphs would remove the member from forward deployment or put members or operational objectives at risk. 
 “(3)  A mental health assessment required under subparagraph (C) of paragraph (1) may be provided during the period beginning 90 days after the date of redeployment from the contingency operation and ending 180 days after such redeployment date if the Secretary determines that— “(A)  an insufficient number of personnel are available to perform the assessment during the time period under such subparagraph; or 
 “(B)  an administrative processing issue exists upon the return of the member to the home unit or duty station that would prohibit the effective performance of the assessment during such time period.” 
 
 . 
 (c)  Elimination of Sunset for Assessments During Deployment .— Section 1074m(a)(1)(B) of such title  is amended  by  striking  “ Until January 1, 2019, once ” and  inserting  “ Once ”. 
 (d)  10 USC 1074m note . Effective Date .— The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply with respect to a date of redeployment that is on or after January 1, 2020.