SEC. 705.  ENHANCEMENT OF RECORDKEEPING WITH RESPECT TO EXPOSURE BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO CERTAIN OCCUPATIONAL AND ENVIRONMENTAL HAZARDS WHILE DEPLOYED OVERSEAS. (a)  Inclusion in Medical Tracking System of Occupational and Environmental Health Risks in Deployment Area .— (1)  Elements of medical tracking system .— Subsection (b)(1)(A) of  section 1074f of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — 133 STAT. 1440 (A)  in clause (ii), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (B)  in clause (iii), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following new clause: “(iv)  accurately record any exposure to occupational and environmental health risks during the course of their deployment.” 
 . 
 
 (2)  Recordkeeping .— Subsection (c) of such section  is amended  by  inserting  after “ deployment area ” the following: “ (including the results of any assessment performed by the Secretary of occupational and environmental health risks for such area) ”. 
 
 (b)  Postdeployment Medical Examination and Reassessments .— Section 1074f of title 10, United States Code , as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(g)  Additional Requirements for Postdeployment Medical Examinations and Health Reassessments .— (1)  The Secretary of Defense shall standardize and make available to a provider that conducts a postdeployment medical examination or reassessment under the system described in subsection (a) questions relating to occupational and environmental health exposure. 
 “(2)  The Secretary, to the extent practicable, shall ensure that the medical record of a member includes information on the external cause relating to a diagnosis of the member, including by associating an external cause code (as issued under the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, 10th Revision (or any successor revision)).” 
 
 . 
 (c)  38 USC 527 note . Access to Information in Burn Pit Registry .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that all medical personnel of the Department of Defense have access to the information contained in the burn pit registry. 
 (2)  Burn pit registry defined .— In this subsection, the term “ burn pit registry ” means the registry established under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 ( Public Law 112–260 ;  38 U.S.C. 527 note ).