SEC. 711.  MODIFICATION OF ORGANIZATION OF MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM. (a)  Administration of Military Medical Treatment Facilities .— Subsection (a) of  section 1073c of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1)— 133 STAT. 1442 (A)  by  redesignating  subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), (D), (E), and (F) as subparagraphs (C), (D), (E), (G), (H), and (I), respectively; 
 (B)  by  inserting  before subparagraph (C), as redesignated by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, the following new subparagraphs: “(A)  provision and delivery of health care within each such facility; 
 “(B)  management of privileging, scope of practice, and quality of health care provided within each such facility;” 
 ; and 
 (C)  by  inserting  after subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, the following new subparagraph: “(F)  supply and equipment;” 
 ; 
 
 (2)  in paragraph (2)— (A)  by  redesignating  subparagraphs (D), (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (E), (F), (H), and (I), respectively; 
 (B)  by  inserting  after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph (D): “(D)  to identify the capacity of each military medical treatment facility to support clinical readiness standards of health care providers established by the Secretary of a military department or the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs;” 
  and 
 (C)  by  striking  subparagraph (F), as redesignated by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, and  inserting  the following new subparagraphs: “(F)  Determination. Coordination. to determine, in coordination with each Secretary of a military department, manning, including joint manning, assigned to military medical treatment facilities and intermediary organizations; 
 “(G)  to select, after considering nominations from the Secretaries of the military departments, commanders or directors of military medical treatment facilities;” 
 ; and 
 
 (3)  in paragraph (3)— (A)  in subparagraph (A)— (i)  by  inserting  “ on behalf of the military departments, ” before “ ensuring ”; and 
 (ii)  by  striking  “ and civilian employees ”; and 
 
 (B)  in subparagraph (B), by  inserting  “ on behalf of the Defense Health Agency, ” before “ furnishing ”. 
 
 
 (b)  DHA Assistant Director .— Subsection (b)(2) of such section  is amended  by  striking  “ equivalent education and experience ” and all that follows and  inserting  “ the education and experience to perform the responsibilities of the position. ”. 
 (c)  DHA Deputy Assistant Directors .— Subsection (c) of such section  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (2)(B), by  striking  “ across the military health system ” and  inserting  “ at military medical treatment facilities ”; and 
 (2)  in paragraph (4)(B), by  inserting  “ at military medical treatment facilities ” before the period at the end. 
 
 (d)  Treatment of Department of Defense for Purposes of Personnel Assignment .— Such section  is amended — (1)  by  redesignating  subsection (f) as subsection (g); and 
 (2)  by  inserting  after subsection (e) the following new subsection (f): 133 STAT. 1443 
 “(f)  Treatment of Department of Defense for Purposes of Personnel Assignment .— In implementing this section— “(1)  the Department of Defense shall be considered a single agency for purposes of civilian personnel assignment under title 5; and 
 “(2)  the Secretary of Defense may reassign any employee of a component of the Department of Defense or a military department in a position in the civil service (as defined in section 2101 of title 5) to any other component of the Department of Defense or military department.” 
 
 . 
 
 (e)  Military Medical Treatment Facility .— Subsection (g) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (d)(1),  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(3)  Definition. The term ‘ military medical treatment facility ’ means— “(A)  any fixed facility of the Department of Defense that is outside of a deployed environment and used primarily for health care; and 
 “(B)  any other location used for purposes of providing health care services as designated by the Secretary of Defense.” 
 
 . 
 (f)  Technical Amendments .— Subsection (a) of such section  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1), by  striking  “ paragraph (4) ” and  inserting  “ paragraph (5) ”; 
 (2)  by  redesignating  paragraph (5) as paragraph (6); 
 (3)  by  redesignating  the first paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); and 
 (4)  by moving the second paragraph (4) so as to appear before paragraph (5), as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection.