SEC. 7412.  SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO FOREIGN PERSONS THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS. (a)  Imposition of Sanctions .— (1)  Effective date. President. Determination. In general .— On and after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall impose the sanctions described in subsection (b) with respect to a foreign person if the President determines that the foreign person, on or after such date of enactment, knowingly engages in an activity described in paragraph (2). 
 (2)  Activities described .— A foreign person engages in an activity described in this paragraph if the foreign person— (A)  knowingly provides significant financial, material, or technological support to, or knowingly engages in a significant transaction with— (i)  the Government of Syria (including any entity owned or controlled by the Government of Syria) or a senior political figure of the Government of Syria; 
 (ii)  a foreign person that is a military contractor, mercenary, or a paramilitary force knowingly operating in a military capacity inside Syria for or on behalf of the Government of Syria, the Government of the Russian Federation, or the Government of Iran; or 
 (iii)  a foreign person subject to sanctions pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act ( 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. ) with respect to Syria or any other provision of law that imposes sanctions with respect to Syria; 
 
 (B)  knowingly sells or provides significant goods, services, technology, information, or other support that significantly facilitates the maintenance or expansion of the Government of Syria’s domestic production of natural gas, petroleum, or petroleum products; 
 (C)  knowingly sells or provides aircraft or spare aircraft parts that are used for military purposes in Syria for or on behalf of the Government of Syria to any foreign person operating in an area directly or indirectly controlled by the Government of Syria or foreign forces associated with the Government of Syria; 
 (D)  knowingly provides significant goods or services associated with the operation of aircraft that are used for military purposes in Syria for or on behalf of the Government of Syria to any foreign person operating in an area described in subparagraph (C); or 
 (E)  knowingly, directly or indirectly, provides significant construction or engineering services to the Government of Syria. 
 
 (3)  Sense of congress .— It is the sense of Congress that, in implementing this section, the President should consider financial support under paragraph (2)(A) to include the provision of loans, credits, or export credits. 133 STAT. 2293 
 
 (b)  Sanctions Described .— (1)  In general .— The sanctions to be imposed with respect to a foreign person described in subsection (a) are the following: (A)  President. Blocking of property .— The President shall exercise all of the powers granted to the President under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act ( 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq. ) to the extent necessary to block and prohibit all transactions in property and interests in property of the foreign person if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. 
 (B)  Ineligibility for visas, admission, or parole .— (i)  Visas, admission, or parole .— An alien described in subsection (a) is— (I)  inadmissible to the United States; 
 (II)  ineligible to receive a visa or other documentation to enter the United States; and 
 (III)  otherwise ineligible to be admitted or paroled into the United States or to receive any other benefit under the Immigration and Nationality Act ( 8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq. ). 
 
 (ii)  Current visas revoked .— (I)  In general .— An alien described in subsection (a) is subject to revocation of any visa or other entry documentation regardless of when the visa or other entry documentation is or was issued. 
 (II)  Immediate effect .— A revocation under subclause (I) shall— (aa)  take effect immediately; and 
 (bb)  automatically cancel any other valid visa or entry documentation that is in the alien’s possession. 
 
 
 
 
 (2)  Applicability. Penalties .— The penalties provided for in subsections (b) and (c) of section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act ( 50 U.S.C. 1705 ) shall apply to a person that violates, attempts to violate, conspires to violate, or causes a violation of regulations promulgated under section 7433(b) to carry out paragraph (1)(A) to the same extent that such penalties apply to a person that commits an unlawful act described in section 206(a) of that Act. 
 (3)  Exceptions .— Sanctions under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply with respect to an alien if admitting or paroling the alien into the United States is necessary— (A)  to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States, or other applicable international obligations; or 
 (B)  to carry out or assist law enforcement activity in the United States. 133 STAT. 2294