SEC. 718.  10 USC 1074 note . COMPREHENSIVE POLICY FOR PROVISION OF MENTAL HEALTH CARE TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. (a)  Deadline. Policy Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, shall develop and implement a comprehensive policy for the provision of mental health care to members of the Armed Forces. 
 (b)  Elements .— The policy under subsection (a) shall address each of the following: (1)  The compliance of health professionals in the military health system engaged in the provision of health care services to members with clinical practice guidelines for— (A)  suicide prevention; 133 STAT. 1454 
 (B)  medication-assisted therapy for alcohol use disorders; and 
 (C)  medication-assisted therapy for opioid use disorders. 
 
 (2)  The access and availability of mental health care services to members who are victims of sexual assault or domestic violence. 
 (3)  The availability of naloxone reversal capability on military installations. 
 (4)  The promotion of referrals of members by civilian health care providers to military medical treatment facilities when such members are— (A)  at high risk for suicide and diagnosed with a psychiatric disorder; or 
 (B)  receiving treatment for opioid use disorders. 
 
 (5)  The provision of comprehensive behavioral health treatment to members of the reserve components that takes into account the unique challenges associated with the deployment pattern of such members and the difficulty such members encounter post-deployment with respect to accessing such treatment in civilian communities. 
 
 (c)  Consideration .— In developing the policy under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall solicit and consider recommendations from the Secretaries of the military departments and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff regarding the feasibility of implementation and execution of particular elements of the policy. 
 (d)  Report .— Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the implementation of the policy under subsection (a).