SEC. 880.  ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS PARTICIPATING IN THE SBIR AND STTR PROGRAMS. (a)  Definition of Senior Procurement Executive .— Section 9(e) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 638(e) )  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (12)(B), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (2)  in paragraph (13)(B), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (3)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(14)  the term ‘ senior procurement executive ’ means an official designated under  section 1702(c) of title 41, United States Code , as the senior procurement executive of a Federal agency participating in a SBIR or STTR program.” 
 . 
 
 (b)  Inclusion of Senior Procurement Executives in SBIR and STTR .— (1)  In general .— Section 9(b) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 638(b) )  is amended — (A)  in paragraph (8), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (B)  in paragraph (9), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(10)  Consultation. to consult, where appropriate, with personnel from the relevant Federal agency to assist small business concerns participating in a SBIR or STTR program with commercializing research developed under such a program before such small  133 STAT. 1532 
business concern is awarded a contract from such Federal agency.” 
 . 
 
 (2)  Technical amendment .— Section 9(b)(3) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 638(b)(3) )  is amended  by  striking  “ and ” at the end. 
 
 (c)  Modifications Relating to Procurement Center Representatives and Other Acquisition Personnel .— (1)  SBIR amendment .— Section 9(j) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 638(j) )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(4)  Modifications relating to procurement center representatives .— Upon the enactment Requirement. Consultation.  of this paragraph, the Administrator shall modify the policy directives issued pursuant to this subsection to require procurement center representatives (as described in section 15(l)) to consult with the appropriate personnel from the relevant Federal agency, to assist small business concerns participating in the SBIR program, particularly in Phase III.” 
 . 
 (2)  STTR amendment .— Section 9(p)(2) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 638(p)(2) )  is amended — (A)  in subparagraph (E)(ii), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (B)  in subparagraph (F), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (C)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraph: “(G)  Consultations. procedures to ensure that procurement center representatives (as described in section 15(l))— “(i)  consult with the appropriate personnel from the relevant Federal agency, to assist small business concerns participating in the STTR program, particularly in Phase III; 
 “(ii)  Bid. provide technical assistance to such concerns to submit a bid for an award of a Federal contract; and 
 “(iii)  consult with the appropriate personnel from the relevant Federal agency in providing the assistance described in clause (i).” 
 
 . 
 
 
 (d)  Amendment to Duties of Procurement Center Representatives .— Section 15(l)(2) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 644(l)(2) )  is amended — (1)  in subparagraph (I), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (2)  by  redesignating  subparagraph (J) as subparagraph (K); and 
 (3)  by  inserting  after subparagraph (I) the following new subparagraph: “(J)  Consultation. consult with the appropriate personnel from the relevant Federal agency, to assist small business concerns participating in a SBIR or STTR program under section 9 with Phase III;” 
 . 
 
 (e)  Amendment to the Duties of the Director of Small and Disadvantaged Business Utilization for Federal Agencies .— Section 15(k) of the Small Business Act ( 15 U.S.C. 644(k) )  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (19), by  striking  “ and ” at the end; 
 (2)  in paragraph (20), by  striking  the period at the end and  inserting  a semicolon; and 133 STAT. 1533 
 (3)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(21)  Consultation. shall consult with the appropriate personnel from the relevant Federal agency to assist small business concerns participating in a SBIR or STTR program under section 9 with researching applicable solicitations for the award of a Federal contract (particularly with the Federal agency that has a funding agreement, as defined under section 9, with the concern) to market the research developed by such concern under such SBIR or STTR program.” 
 .