SEC. 888.  10 USC 2302 note . POLICIES AND PROCEDURES FOR CONTRACTORS TO REPORT GROSS VIOLATIONS OF INTERNATIONALLY RECOGNIZED HUMAN RIGHTS. (a)  Deadline. Guidance. In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall update Department of Defense policy and guidance and the Department of Defense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide specific guidance to Department of Defense employees and contractors performing a Department of Defense contract that supports United States Armed Forces deployed outside of the United States on monitoring and reporting allegations of gross violations of internationally recognized human rights. 
 (b)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes— (1)  the policies and procedures in place to obtain information about possible cases of gross violations of internationally  133 STAT. 1537 
recognized human rights from Department of Defense contractors described in subsection (a), including the methods for tracking cases; and 
 (2)  the resources needed to investigate reports made pursuant to subsection (a). 
 
 (c)  Form of Report .— The report required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the congressional defense committees; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Gross violations of internationally recognized human rights .— The term “ gross violations of internationally recognized human rights ” has the meaning given such term in subsection (d)(1) of section 502B of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2304 ).