SEC. 838.  REPORT ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY POLICY AND THE CADRE OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY EXPERTS. (a)  In General .— Section 802 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ;  131 Stat. 1450 )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(c)  Report .— Not later than December 15, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— “(1)  the policy required in subsection (a) of  section 2322 of title 10, United States Code ; 
 “(2)  an identification of each member of the cadre of intellectual property experts required in subsection (b) of such section and the office to which such member belongs; 
 “(3)  a description of the leadership structure and the office that will manage the cadre of intellectual property experts; and 
 “(4)  Time period. a description of the specific activities performed, and programs and efforts supported, by the cadre of intellectual property experts during the 12-month period preceding the date of the report.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  Limitation .— (1)  Effective date. In general .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2020 for the Department of Defense, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended for any of the offices described in paragraph (2) until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report required under subsection (c) of section 802 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ;  131 Stat. 1450 ), as added by this section. 
 (2)  Offices described .— The offices described in this paragraph are as follows: (A)  The Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. 
 (B)  The Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Logistics, and Technology. 
 (C)  The Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition. 
 (D)  The Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics.