SEC. 956.  10 USC 9016 note . ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE FOR SPACE ACQUISITION AND INTEGRATION. (a)  Redesignation of Principal Assistant for Space as Assistant Secretary for Space Acquisition and Integration .— (1)  In general .— The Principal Assistant to the Secretary of the Air Force for Space is hereby redesignated as the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Space Acquisition and Integration. 
 (2)  References .— Any reference to the Principal Assistant to the Secretary of the Air Force for Space in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Space Acquisition and Integration. 
 
 (b)  Codification of Position and Responsibilities .— (1)  In general .— Section 9016 of title 10, United States Code , as amended by subtitle B of this title, is further amended— (A)  in subsection (a), by  striking  “ four ” and  inserting  “ five ”; and 
 (B)  in subsection (b), by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(6) (A)  One of the Assistant Secretaries is the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Space Acquisition and Integration. 133 STAT. 1566 
 “(B)  Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Assistant Secretary shall do as follows: “(i)  Be responsible for all architecture and integration of the Air Force for space systems and programs, including in support of the Chief of Space Operations under section 9082 of this title. 
 “(ii)  Act as the chair of the Space Force Acquisition Council under section 9021 of this title. 
 “(iii)  Advise the service acquisition executive of the Air Force with responsibility for space systems and programs (including for all major defense acquisition programs under chapter 144 of this title for space) on the acquisition of such systems and programs by the Air Force. 
 “(iv)  Oversee and direct each of the following: “(I)  The Space Rapid Capabilities Office under section 2273a of this title. 
 “(II)  The Space and Missile Systems Center. 
 “(III)  The Space Development Agency. 
 
 “(v)  Advise and synchronize acquisition projects for all space systems and programs of the Air Force, including projects for space systems and programs responsibility for which is transferred to the Assistant Secretary pursuant to section 956(b)(3) of the United States Space Force Act. 
 “(vi)  Effective date. Effective as of October 1, 2022, in accordance with section 957 of that Act, serve as the Service Acquisition Executive of the Department of the Air Force for Space Systems and Programs.” 
 
 
 . 
 
 (2)  Executive schedule level iv .— Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code ,  is amended  by  striking  the item relating to the Assistant Secretaries of the Air Force and  inserting  the following new item:   “Assistant Secretaries of the Air Force (5).” . 
 (3)  10 USC 9016 note . Transfer of acquisition projects for space systems and programs .— Effective date. Effective October 1, 2022, the Secretary of the Air Force shall transfer to the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Space Acquisition and Integration under paragraph (6) of  section 9016(b) of title 10, United States Code  (as added by this subsection), responsibility for architecture and integration of any acquisition projects for space systems and programs of the Air Force that are under the oversight or direction of the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition as of September 30, 2022.