SEC. 904.  ASSESSMENTS OF RESPONSIBILITIES AND AUTHORITIES OF THE CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense shall provide for the conduct of two assessments of the implementation of the position of Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense pursuant to  section 132a of title 10, United States Code , as follows: (1)  Department of defense assessment .— An assessment conducted by the Secretary or a designee of the Secretary. 
 (2)  Independent assessment .— An assessment conducted by the Defense Business Board or an appropriate number of individuals selected by the Secretary from among individuals in academia or academic institutions with expertise in public administration and management. 
 
 (b)  Assessment Elements .— Each assessment conducted pursuant to subsection (a) shall include an assessment of the implementation of the position of Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, including and taking into account the following: (1)  The extent to which the position has been effective in achieving the service, and exercising the powers and authorities, specified in  section 132a of title 10, United States Code 
 (2)  The perspectives of the Under Secretaries of the military departments on the matters described in paragraph (1) based on the experiences of such Under Secretaries as the Chief Management Officer of a military department 
 (3)  The extent to which the ingrained organizational culture of the Department of Defense poses fundamental structural challenges for the position of Chief Management Officer of the Department, irrespective of the individual appointed to the position. 
 (4)  The observations of the Comptroller General of the United States on progress and challenges during the prior 10 years in the establishment of positions of Chief Management Officer in agencies throughout the Executive Branch, including in the Department of Defense and in other Federal agencies. 
 (5)  An identification and comparison of best practices in the private sector and the public sector for the responsibilities and authorities of Chief Management Officers. 133 STAT. 1557 
 (6)  An identification and assessment of differences in responsibilities and authorities of the Chief Management Office of the Department, the Chief Operating Officer of the Department of Defense, and the Deputy Secretary of Defense. 
 
 (c)  Modification of Responsibilities and Authorities .— The Secretary shall identify such modifications, if any, to the responsibilities and authorities of the Chief Management Officer of the Department (whether specified in statute or otherwise) as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the assessments conducted pursuant to subsection (a). Recommenda- tions.  In identifying any such modification, the Secretary shall develop recommendations for such legislative action as the Secretary considers appropriate to implement such modification. 
 (d)  Report .— Not later than March 15, 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the assessments conducted pursuant to subsection (a) and on any modifications to the responsibilities and authorities of the Chief Management Officer of the Department identified pursuant to subsection (c). The report shall include the following: (1)  A description and the results of the assessment conducted pursuant to subsection (a). 
 (2)  Any modifications of the responsibilities and authorities of the Chief Management Officer identified pursuant to subsection (c), including recommendations developed for legislative action to implement such recommendations and a proposed timeline for the implementation of such recommendations.