SEC. 1255.  ENSURING PEACE THROUGH STRENGTH IN ISRAEL. (a)  Extension of Authorities .— (1)  War reserves stockpile authority .— Section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 ( Public Law 108–287 ;  118 Stat. 1011 )  is amended  by  striking  “ September 30, 2025 ” and  inserting  “ January 1, 2027 ”. 
 (2)  Rules governing the transfer of precision-guided munitions to israel above the annual restriction .— Section 1275(e) of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  134 Stat. 3980 ;  22 U.S.C. 2321h note )  is amended  by  striking  “ on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act ” and  inserting  “ on January 1, 2027 ”. 
 
 (b)  Department of Defense Assessment of Type and Quantity of Precision-guided Munitions and Other Munitions for Use by Israel .— 137 STAT. 469 
 (1)  Deadlines. Assessment. Terrorism. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through December 31, 2027, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall conduct an assessment with respect to the following: (A)  The current quantity and type of precision-guided munitions in the stockpile pursuant to section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 ( Public Law 108–287 ;  118 Stat. 1011 ). 
 (B)  The quantity and type of precision-guided munitions necessary for Israel to protect its homeland and counter Hezbollah, Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any other armed terror group or hostile forces in the region in the event of a sustained armed confrontation. 
 (C)  The quantity and type of other munitions necessary for Israel to protect its homeland and counter Hezbollah, Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, or any other armed group or hostile forces in the region in the event of a sustained armed confrontation. 
 (D)  The quantity and type of munitions, including precision-guided munitions, necessary for Israel to protect its homeland and counter any combination of Hezbollah, Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad, and any other armed terror groups or hostile forces in the region in the event of a multi-front, sustained armed confrontation. 
 (E)  The resources the Government of Israel would need to dedicate to acquire the quantity and type of munitions, including precision-guided munitions, described in subparagraphs (B) through (D). 
 (F)  Whether, as of the date on which the applicable assessment is completed, sufficient quantities and types of munitions, including precision-guided munitions, to conduct operations described in subparagraphs (B) through (D) are present in— (i)  the inventory of the military forces of Israel; 
 (ii)  the War Reserves Stock Allies-Israel; 
 (iii)  any other United States stockpile or depot within the area of responsibility of United States Central Command, as the Secretary considers appropriate to disclose to the Government of Israel; or 
 (iv)  the inventory of the United States Armed Forces, as the Secretary considers appropriate to disclose to the Government of Israel. 
 
 (G)  The current inventory of such munitions, including precision-guided munitions, possessed by the United States, and whether, as of the date on which the applicable assessment is completed, the United States is assessed to have sufficient munitions to meet the requirements of current operation plans of the United States or global other munitions requirements. 
 (H)  United States planning and steps being taken— (i)  to assist Israel to prepare for the contingencies, and to conduct the operations, described in subparagraphs (B) through (D); and 
 (ii)  to resupply Israel with the quantity and type of such munitions described in such subparagraphs  137 STAT. 470 
in the event of a sustained armed confrontation described in such subparagraphs. 
 
 (I)  The quantity and pace at which the United States is capable of pre-positioning, increasing, stockpiling, or rapidly replenishing, or assisting in the rapid replenishment of, such munitions in preparation for, and in the event of, such a sustained armed confrontation. 
 
 (2)  Consultation .— In carrying out the assessment required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with the Israeli Ministry of Defense, provided that the Israeli Ministry of Defense agrees to be so consulted. 
 
 (c)  Reports .— (1)  Department of defense assessment .— Not later than 15 days after the date on which each Department of Defense assessment required by subsection (b) is completed, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on such assessment. 
 (2)  Pre-positioning and stockpile implementation report .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the report required by paragraph (1) is submitted, and every 180 days thereafter through December 31, 2027, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that— (A)  details the actions being taken by the United States, if any, to pre-position, increase, stockpile, address shortfalls, and otherwise ensure that the War Reserves Stock Allies-Israel has, and assist Israel in ensuring that Israel has, sufficient quantities and types of munitions, including precision-guided munitions, to conduct the operations described in subparagraphs (B) through (D) of subsection (b)(1); and 
 (B)  includes a description of procedures implemented by the United States, if any, for rapidly replenishing, or assisting in the rapid replenishment of, stockpiles of such munitions for use by Israel as may be necessary. 
 
 (3)  Form .— The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
 (4)  Appropriate committees of congress defined .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. 
 
 
 (d)  Consolidation of Reports .— (1)  Section 1273 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 ( Public Law 115–232 ;  132 Stat. 2066 )  is amended  by  striking  subsection (b). 
 (2)  Section 1275 of the William M. (Mac) Thornberry National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2021 ( Public Law 116–283 ;  134 Stat. 3979 ;  22 U.S.C. 2321h note )  is amended  by  striking  subsection (d).