SEC. 1551.  LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR TRAVEL FOR OFFICE OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PERSONNEL AND READINESS PENDING STRATEGY RELATING TO DEFENSE TRAVEL SYSTEM. (a)  Strategy .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness shall develop a strategy to modernize or replace the end-to-end travel management system of the Department of Defense known as the “Defense Travel System” (in this section, referred to as the “Defense Travel System”). 
 (b)  Elements .— The strategy under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Analysis. Evaluation. A business case analysis that evaluates options for modernizing or  replacing  the Defense Travel System, including— 137 STAT. 579 
 (A)  Assessment. an assessment of the upgradability of the code base for the Defense Travel System before such code base reaches a point of unsustainability; 
 (B)  Assessment. an assessment of commercially available tools that may be used to upgrade the capabilities of the Defense Travel System; 
 (C)  an identification of system dependencies of the Defense Travel System, with a particular focus on any such dependencies with respect to connections with financial management systems; 
 (D)  an identification of system weaknesses of the Defense Travel System affecting audit readiness; 
 (E)  projections of usage rates of the Defense Travel System necessary to maintain workload and reimbursement rate viability; and 
 (F)  Cost estimate. estimated costs for any activity associated with the strategy. 
 
 (2)  Plan. Timelines. A plan for the implementation of the strategy, including timelines for achieving such implementation. 
 (3)  An identification of risks to such implementation, including potential delays to such timelines. 
 
 (c)  Certification. Limitation .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2024 for travel for the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, not more than 93 percent may be obligated or expended until the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense independently certifies to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the strategy under subsection (a) meets the validated requirements of the Department of Defense.