SEC. 1250B.  OVERSIGHT OF PROGRAMS AND OPERATIONS FUNDED WITH AMOUNTS APPROPRIATED BY THE UNITED STATES FOR UKRAINE. (a)  5 USC 419 note . Special Inspector General for Operation Atlantic Resolve .— (1)  President. In general .— Subject to the requirements of this section, the President, acting through the Chair of the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, shall maintain the position of the Lead Inspector General for Operation Atlantic Resolve in accordance with  section 419 of title 5, United States Code . 
 (2)  Redesignation .— (A)  In general .— The title of the position of the Lead Inspector General for Operation Atlantic Resolve is hereby redesignated as the “Special Inspector General for Operation Atlantic Resolve” (in this section referred to as the “Special Inspector General”). 
 (B)  References .— Any reference in law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Lead Inspector General for Operation Atlantic Resolve shall be deemed to be a reference to the Special Inspector General for Operation Atlantic Resolve. 
 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Briefings .— Upon request by the Chair or Ranking Member of an appropriate committee of Congress, not later than 30 days  137 STAT. 466 
after receiving the request, the Special Inspector General shall to the extent practicable provide a briefing to such committee on the activities of the Special Inspector General with respect to programs and operations funded with amounts appropriated by the United States for Ukraine. 
 (c)  Publication of Accounting of United States Assistance for Ukraine . Deadlines. Web posting. Public information. — Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the President shall publish on a publicly available website of the United States Government a comprehensive accounting of unclassified amounts appropriated by the United States for Ukraine. 
 (d)  Quarterly Reports .— (1)  Summary. Time period. In general .— Not later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal-year quarter, the Special Inspector General shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report summarizing, with respect to that quarter and, to the extent possible, the period beginning on the date on which such quarter ends and ending on the date on which the report is submitted, the activities of the Special Inspector General with respect to programs and operations funded with amounts appropriated by the United States for Ukraine for— (A)  security, economic, and humanitarian assistance to Ukraine and other countries affected by the war; 
 (B)  United States European Command operations and related support for the United States military; and 
 (C)  operations of other relevant United States Government agencies involved in the Ukraine response, as appropriate. 
 
 (2)  Elements .— Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include, for the period covered by the report— (A)  a description of any waste, fraud, or abuse identified by the Inspectors General with respect to programs and operations funded with amounts appropriated by the United States for Ukraine; 
 (B)  a description of the status and results of— (i)  investigations, inspections, and audits; and 
 (ii)  referrals to the Department of Justice; and 
 
 (C)  a description of the overall plans for review by the Inspectors General of such support of Ukraine, including plans for investigations, inspections, and audits. 
 
 (3)  Web posting. Public information. Availability .— The Special Inspector General shall publish on a publicly available website the unclassified form of each report required by paragraph (1). 
 (4)  Form .— Each report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex if the Special Inspector General considers it necessary. 
 
 (e)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the Special Inspector General from exercising all authorities and discharging all responsibilities granted to the Lead Inspector General for Operation Atlantic Resolve in accordance with  section 419 of title 5, United States Code , in the exercise of oversight responsibilities for Operation Atlantic Resolve generally and under this section with respect to Ukraine. 
 (f)  Sunset .— The requirements and authorities of this section with respect to the Special Inspector General shall cease in accordance with the sunset provisions for the Lead Inspector General  137 STAT. 467 
for Operation Atlantic Resolve pursuant to  section 419(f) of title 5, United States Code . 
 (g)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  The term “ Inspectors General ” means the following: (A)  The Inspector General of the Department of Defense. 
 (B)  The Inspector General of the Department of State. 
 (C)  The Inspector General of the United States Agency for International Development. 
 
 
 (h)  Authorization of Appropriations .— There is authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2024 $8,000,000 to carry out this section. 
 (i)  Expansion and Extension of Direct Hire Authority for Certain Personnel of the Department of Defense .— (1)  Expansion .— Section 9905(a) of title 5, United States Code , as amended by section 1104, is further amended by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(14)  Any position in support of Special Inspector General for Operation Atlantic Resolve for which the Secretary determines there is a critical hiring need and shortage of candidates.” 
 . 
 (2)  Extension .— Section 9905(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code ,  is amended  by  striking  “ September 30, 2025 ” and  inserting  “ September 30, 2030 ”.