SEC. 148.  PLAN FOR LONG-TERM AIR FORCE FIGHTER FORCE STRUCTURE. (a)  Plan Required .— The Secretary of the Air Force, in consultation with the Director of the Air National Guard and the Commander of the Air Force Reserve, shall develop a long-term tactical fighter force structure, recapitalization, training, and sustainment plan for the active and reserve components of the Air Force. 
 (b)  Elements .— The plan under subsection (a) shall address each of the following: (1)  Analyses. The appropriate mix of tactical fighter aircraft force structure, with accompanying operational risk analyses, required for the Secretary of the Air Force to meet expected steady-state, global force management allocation plans and geographical combatant commander contingency operational plans tasked to the Air Force using active and reserve component units. 
 (2)  Time period. The procurement, divestment, unit activation, deactivation, or re-missioning plans or actions the Secretary plans to implement, fiscal year-by-fiscal year, unit-by-unit, for the next 12 years for each active and reserve component tactical fighter aircraft unit existing as of the date of the enactment of this Act, including the rationale and justification for any such plans or actions. 
 (3)  The actions the Secretary will take to ensure that required operational readiness rates are maintained during any planned recapitalization, modernization, or change of mission affecting tactical fighter aircraft units. 
 (4)  Any plans of the Secretary to augment or supplant existing piloted tactical fighter aircraft capability or capacity with Collaborative Combat Aircraft Increment 1 or Increment 2 capability or capacity. 
 (5)  Any plans of the Secretary to augment or supplant existing piloted tactical fighter aircraft training events via acquisition and fielding of common, joint, all-domain, high-fidelity synthetic simulation environments. 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than April 1, 2024, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the plan developed under subsection (a). 137 STAT. 179 
 (d)  Form of Report .— The report required under subsection (c) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex.