SEC. 1666.  Deadlines. PROGRAMS TO ACHIEVE INITIAL AND FULL OPERATIONAL CAPABILITIES FOR THE GLIDE PHASE INTERCEPTOR PROGRAM. (a)  Program to Achieve Initial Operational Capability .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and in coordination with the officials specified in subsection (d), shall carry out a program to achieve, by not later than December 31, 2029, an initial operational capability for the Glide Phase Interceptor as described in paragraph (2). 
 (2)  Required capabilities .— For purposes of paragraph (1), the Glide Phase Interceptor program shall be considered to have achieved initial operational capability if— (A)  the Glide Phase Interceptor is capable of defeating, in the glide phase, any endo-atmospheric hypersonic vehicles that are known to the Department of Defense and fielded as of the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
 (B)  not fewer than 12 Glide Phase Interceptor missiles have been fielded. 
 
 
 (b)  Program to Achieve Full Operational Capability .— (1)  Program required .— The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and in coordination with the officials specified in subsection (d), shall carry out a program to achieve, by not later than December 31, 2032, full operational capability for the Glide Phase Interceptor as described in paragraph (2). 
 (2)  Required capabilities .— For purposes of paragraph (1), the Glide Phase Interceptor program shall be considered to have achieved full operational capability if— (A)  the Glide Phase Interceptor is capable of defeating, in the glide phase, any endo-atmospheric hypersonic vehicles— (i)  that are known to the Department of Defense and fielded as of the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
 (ii)  that the Department of Defense expects to be fielded before the end of 2040; 
 
 (B)  not fewer than 24 Glide Phase Interceptor missiles have been fielded; and 
 (C)  the Glide Phase Interceptor has the ability to be operated collaboratively with space-based or terrestrial sensors that the Department of Defense expects to be deployed before the end of 2032. 
 
 
 (c)  Cooperative Agreement Authorized .— The Director of the Missile Defense Agency is authorized to enter into a cooperative development agreement with one or more international partners of the United States for the development of the full operational capability described in subsection (b). 
 (d)  Officials Specified .— The officials specified in this subsection are the following: (1)  The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. 
 (2)  The Secretary of the Navy. 
 (3)  The Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 137 STAT. 607 
 (4)  The Commander of the United States European Command.