SEC. 1078.  FEASIBILITY STUDY ON CONVERSION OF JOINT TASK FORCE NORTH INTO JOINT INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE NORTH. (a)  Deadline. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the head of any relevant Federal department or agency and acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a feasibility study on converting the Joint Task Force North of the United States Northern Command into a joint interagency task force to be known as the “Joint Interagency Task Force North”. 
 (b)  Elements .— The study under (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  A description of the mission of a Joint Interagency Task Force North. 
 (2)  A detailed description of the resources of the Department of Defense, including personnel, facilities, and operating costs, necessary to convert Joint Task Force North into a joint interagency task force. 
 (3)  An identification of— (A)  each relevant department and agency of the United States Government the participation in a Joint Interagency Task Force North of which is necessary in order to enable a Joint Interagency Task Force North to effectively carry out its mission; and 
 (B)  the interagency arrangements necessary to ensure effective participation by each such department and agency. 
 
 (4)  An identification of each international liaison necessary for a Joint Interagency Task Force North to effectively carry out its mission. 
 (5)  A description of the bilateral and multilateral agreements with foreign partners and regional and international organizations that would support the implementation of the mission of the Joint Interagency Task Force North. 
 (6)  A description of the relationship between a Joint Interagency Task Force North and Joint Interagency Task Force South of the United States Southern Command. 
 (7)  A description of the likely relationship between a Joint Interagency Task Force North and the relevant security forces of the Government of Mexico and the Government of the Bahamas. 
 (8)  Recommenda- tions. A recommendation on whether a Joint Interagency Task Force North should be an enduring entity and a discussion of the circumstances under which the mission of a Joint Interagency Task Force North would transition to one or more  137 STAT. 415 
entities within the United States Government other than the United States Northern Command. 
 (9)  Recommenda- tions. Any recommendations for additional legal authority needed for the Joint Interagency Task Force North to effectively carry out its mission. 
 (10)  Any other matters the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The study required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex.