SEC. 1245.  STUDY AND REPORT ON LESSONS LEARNED REGARDING INFORMATION OPERATIONS AND DETERRENCE. (a)  Study .— (1)  Contracts. In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract or other agreement with an eligible entity to conduct an independent study on lessons learned from information operations conducted by the United States, Ukraine, the Russian Federation, and member countries of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization during the lead-up  137 STAT. 461 
to the Russian Federation’s full-scale invasion of Ukraine in 2022 and throughout the conflict. 
 (2)  Assessments. Elements .— The study required by paragraph (1) shall include— (A)  an assessment of information operations capabilities of the Russian Federation prior to, and since, the full-scale invasion of Ukraine; 
 (B)  an assessment of notable successes or challenges with regard to the information operations conducted by the United States, NATO member countries, and Ukraine prior to, and since, the full-scale invasion of Ukraine; and 
 (C)  Recommenda- tions. recommendations for improvements to United States information operations to enhance effectiveness, as well as recommendations on how information operations may be improved to support the maintenance of deterrence. 
 
 
 (b)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study required by subsection (a) in its entirety, along with any such comments as the Secretary considers relevant. 
 (2)  Form .— The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (c)  Eligible Entity Defined .— In this section, the term “ eligible entity ” means— (1)  a federally funded research and development center; or 
 (2)  an independent, nongovernmental institute described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code that has recognized credentials and expertise in national security and military affairs appropriate for the assessment.