SEC. 1523.  10 USC 394 note . MANAGEMENT OF DATA ASSETS BY CHIEF DIGITAL AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE OFFICER. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense, subject to existing authorities and limitations and acting through the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer of the Department of Defense, shall provide the digital infrastructure and procurement vehicles necessary to manage data assets and data analytics capabilities at scale to enable an understanding of foreign key terrain and relational frameworks in cyberspace to support the planning of cyber operations, the generation of indications and warnings regarding military operations and capabilities, and the calibration of actions and reactions in strategic competition. 
 (b)  Responsibilities of Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer .— The Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer shall— (1)  develop a baseline of data assets exclusive to foreign key terrain and relational frameworks in cyberspace maintained by the intelligence agencies of the Department of Defense, the military departments, the combatant commands, and any other components of the Department of Defense; 
 (2)  develop and oversee the implementation of plans to enhance such data assets that the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer determines are essential to support the purposes set forth in subsection (a); and 
 (3)  ensure that such activities and plans are undertaken in cooperation and in coordination with the Assistant to the  137 STAT. 554 
Secretary of Defense for Privacy, Civil Liberties, and Transparency, to ensure that any data collection, procurement, acquisition, use, or retention measure conducted pursuant to this section is in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including standards pertaining to data related to United States persons or any persons in the United States. 
 
 (c)  Other Matters .— The Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer shall— (1)  Designation. designate or establish one or more Department of Defense executive agents for enhancing data assets and the acquisition of data analytic tools for users; 
 (2)  ensure that data assets referred to in subsection (b) that are in the possession of a component of the Department of Defense are accessible for the purposes described in subsection (a); and 
 (3)  ensure that advanced analytics, including artificial intelligence technology, are developed and applied to the analysis of the data assets referred to in subsection (b) in support of the purposes described in subsection (a). 
 
 (d)  Deadline. Semiannual Briefings .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than semiannually thereafter, the Chief Digital and Artificial Intelligence Officer shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the implementation of this section. 
 (e)  Rule of Construction .— Nothing in this section shall be construed to authorize the Department of Defense to collect, procure, or otherwise acquire data, including commercially available data, in any manner that is not authorized by law, or to make use of data assets in any manner, or for any purpose, that is not otherwise authorized by law. 
 (f)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (2)  the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
 (3)  the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate.