SEC. 1074.  HOLISTIC TRAINING RANGE ASSESSMENT. (a)  Assessment Required .— The Secretary of Defense, after coordinating with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall carry out a comprehensive assessment of the capabilities, limitations, and anticipated future training constraints on the use of  137 STAT. 409 
military lands, marine areas, and airspace facilities that are available in the United States and overseas, for training of the covered Armed Forces. 
 (b)  Contents .— The assessment required by subsection (a) shall include each of the following: (1)  An assessment of the range capability of each facility. 
 (2)  An assessment of current and future training requirements, including any opportunities for regional interconnectivity of existing sites to increase capability. 
 (3)  Evaluation. An evaluation of the adequacy of current Department of Defense resources (including virtual and constructive training assets as well as military lands, marine areas, and airspace available in the United States and overseas) to meet current and future training range requirements— (A)  identified under paragraph (2); 
 (B)  relating to testing and training of fifth generation weapons systems; and 
 (C)  relating to near-peer competition. 
 
 (4)  Evaluation. An evaluation of threats posed by adversarial intelligence collection at each facility. 
 (5)  An assessment of current capacity for testing and training of electromagnetic warfare operations, including— (A)  electromagnetic spectrum operations; 
 (B)  operations in the information environment; 
 (C)  Joint All Domain Command and Control; and 
 (D)  information warfare. 
 
 (6)  An assessment of current capacity for training and testing and future potential for Joint All Domain operations, including— (A)  an assessment of current shortfalls at domestic military installations; and 
 (B)  Analysis. an analysis of ranges capable of hosting large-scale, operationally relevant, live-fire campaign-level Joint All Domain operations training exercises based on near-peer competition. 
 
 (7)  An assessment of the capacity of the covered Armed Forces to routinely train, test, evaluate, and qualify theater-level operations in support of operations versus a pacing threat, as defined by the most recent national defense strategy submitted pursuant to  section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code , for the purpose of increasing the capacity and rate of force readiness with respect to deterrence and defense at theater-level distances. Such assessment shall include— (A)  an identification of areas in which multiple ranges can be used simultaneously to simulate Pacific Deterrence Initiative theater operation plans, including areas for over water and coastline training; 
 (B)  Analysis. an analysis of the combined capability of the total test or training areas to simulate various public, private, and academic initiatives in support of the Pacific Deterrence Initiative while advancing military readiness; and 
 (C)  Review. a review of any test or training areas that may enhance efforts of the Department to train at scale and range when persistently networked into a live, virtual, and constructive Pacific environment. 
 
 (8)  Proposals. Timeline. Budget estimate. Proposals to enhance training range capabilities and mitigate any shortfalls or encroachment, including Department  137 STAT. 410 
assets within the range footprint, in current Department of Defense resources identified pursuant to the assessment required under this section, including timeline and budget estimates for implementing any proposed mitigations. 
 (9)  Such other matters as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Initial Report .— At the same time as the submission of the budget of the President to Congress pursuant to  section 1105 of title 31, United States Code , for fiscal year 2026, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees an initial report on the assessment required by subsection (a). 
 (d)  Time period. Subsequent Annual Reports .— At the same time as the submission of the President submits to Congress pursuant to such section for each of fiscal years 2027 through 2032, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report describing the progress made in implementing the proposals referred to in subsection (b)(8) and any additional actions taken, or to be taken, to address training constraints caused by limitations on the use of military lands, marine areas, and airspace. 
 (e)  Covered Armed Force Defined .— In this section, the term “ covered Armed Force ” means the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, and Space Force.