SEC. 113.  REPORT ON ACQUISITION STRATEGIES FOR THE LOGISTICS AUGMENTATION PROGRAM OF THE ARMY. (a)  Review. In General .— The Secretary of the Army, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the commanders of the geographic combatant commands, shall conduct a review of the proposed recompete of the operational task orders of the geographic combatant commands under the LOGCAP V contract. 
 (b)  Elements .— The review required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Analysis. A business case analysis of the cost and operational benefit of recompeting the task orders described in subsection (a). 
 (2)  Input from stakeholders, including the Commanding General of Army Sustainment Command, the commanders of the geographic combatant commands, and the commanders of the Army Service Component Commands, on the desirability  137 STAT. 168 
and operational effects of the proposed recompete described in subsection (a). 
 (3)  Cost estimates. Timelines. Detailed cost estimates and timelines, including projected transition costs and timelines for the task orders described in subsection (a). 
 (4)  Assessment. An assessment of the potential effects of the recompete described in subsection (a) on— (A)  the quality and timing of the work performed under the task orders described in such subsection; and 
 (B)  the ability of the Army to transition to the LOGCAP VI contract, including any effects on the quality and timing of such transition. 
 
 (5)  Analysis. An analysis of recompeting the task orders described in subsection (a) compared to transitioning directly to the LOGCAP VI contract instead of recompeting such task orders. 
 (6)  Overview. An overview of potential innovations and efficiencies derived from a competition for the LOGCAP VI contract. 
 (7)  An explanation of the benefit of recompeting the task orders described in subsection (a) compared to conducting an open competition for the LOGCAP VI contract instead of recompeting such task orders. 
 (8)  A breakdown of any additional authorities needed to move directly to the LOGCAP VI contract instead of recompeting the task orders described in subsection (a). 
 
 (c)  Report .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the results of the review conducted under subsection (a), including the results of the review with respect to each element specified in subsection (b). 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ LOGCAP V contract ” means the contract for the logistics augmentation program of the Army that is due to expire in 2028. 
 (2)  The term “ LOGCAP VI contract ” means a successor contract for the logistics augmentation program of the Army that is expected to be entered into following the expiration of the LOGCAP V contract.