SEC. 1318.  REPORT AND NOTIFICATION RELATING TO TRANSFER OF OPERATIONAL CONTROL ON KOREAN PENINSULA. (a)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that— (1)  describes the conditions under which the military forces of the Republic of Korea would be prepared to assume wartime operational control of the United States and Republic of Korea Combined Forces Command; and 137 STAT. 500 
 (2)  Assessment. includes an assessment of the extent to which the military forces of the Republic of Korea meet such conditions as of the date on which the report is submitted. 
 
 (b)  Notification .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 45 days before the date on which wartime operational control of the United States and Republic of Korea Combined Forces Command is transferred to the Republic of Korea, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress of such transfer. 
 (2)  Assessments. Elements .— The notification required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  An assessment of the extent to which the military forces of the Republic of Korea— (i)  meet the conditions described in the report submitted under subsection (a), including with respect to the acquisition by the Republic of Korea of necessary military capabilities to counter the capabilities of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; or 
 (ii)  meet updated conditions for the assumption of the wartime operational control described in subsection (a)(1), including an explanation of the changes to such conditions relative to the conditions described in the report submitted under subsection (a). 
 
 (B)  A description of the command relationship among the United Nations Command, the United States and Republic of Korea Combined Forces Command, the United States Forces Korea, and the military forces of the Republic of Korea. 
 (C)  An assessment of the extent to which such transfer impacts the security of the United States, the Republic of Korea, and other regional allies and partners. 
 (D)  Any other matters determined relevant by the Secretary. 
 
 
 (c)  Appropriate Committees of Congress Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (2)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.