SEC. 1266.  10 USC 113 note . Deadlines. PLAN OF ACTION TO EQUIP AND TRAIN IRAQI SECURITY FORCES AND KURDISH PESHMERGA FORCES. (a)  In General .— Not later than February 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall develop a plan of action to equip and train Iraqi security forces and Kurdish Peshmerga forces to defend against attack by missiles, rockets, and unmanned systems. The plan of action shall be based on and informed by the results of the report submitted by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to section 1237 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ;  136 Stat. 2839 ). 
 (b)  Matters to Be Included .— The plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  The provision of available equipment to Iraq and the Iraqi Kurdistan Region to counter the air and missile threats addressed in the report, to include air defense systems, to counter attack by missiles, rockets, and unmanned systems. 
 (2)  The provision of appropriate training of Iraqi security forces and Kurdish Peshmerga forces to support fielding and operational employment of the available equipment described in paragraph (1). 
 
 (c)  Implementation .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall begin implementation of the plan required by subsection (a) not later than 90 days after development of the plan required by subsection (a). 
 (2)  Waiver .— The Secretary of Defense may delay implementation of the plan required by subsection (a) if such implementation would adversely impact United States stocks and readiness. 
 (3)  Congressional notification .— If the Secretary of Defense exercises the waiver authority under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— (A)  notify the congressional defense committees of the exercise of such authority and the reason therefor not later than 10 days prior to the exercise of such authority; and 
 (B)  notify the congressional defense committees of the exercise of such authority every 30 days thereafter until implementation of the plan required by subsection (a) begins. 
 
 
 (d)  Congressional Briefing .— Not later than July 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense should provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on progress of the air defense equipping and training effort against the air and missile threat to Iraq, including in the Iraqi Kurdistan Region.