SEC. 1066.  Time periods. ANNUAL REPORT AND BRIEFING ON IMPLEMENTATION OF FORCE DESIGN 2030. (a)  In General .— Not later than February 15, 2024, and annually thereafter through February 15, 2030, the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the programmatic choices made to implement Force Design 2030, including both new developmental and fielded capabilities, as well as capabilities and capacity divested to accelerate the implementation of Force Design 2030. 
 (b)  Briefing Requirement .— Not later than March 15, 2024, and annually thereafter through March 15, 2030, the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the elements described in subsection (c). 137 STAT. 403 
 (c)  Assessments. Elements .— Each report required under subsection (a) and briefing required under subsection (b) shall include the following elements: (1)  An assessment of changes in the national defense strategy, Defense Planning Guidance, Joint Warfighting Concept (and associated concept required capabilities), and other planning processes that informed Force Design 2030. 
 (2)  Inventory. An inventory and assessment of the exercises and experimentation related to the Force Design, starting in fiscal year 2020, including an identification of the capabilities that were involved and the extent to which such exercises and experimentation validated or militated against proposed capability investments. 
 (3)  Inventory. An inventory of divestments of capability or capacity, whether force structure or equipment, starting in fiscal year 2020, including— (A)  Timeline. a timeline of the progress of each divestment; 
 (B)  the type of force structure or equipment divested or reduced; 
 (C)  the percentage of force structure or equipment divested or reduced, including any equipment entered into inventory management or another form of storage; 
 (D)  the rationale and context behind such divestment; 
 (E)  an identification of whether such divestment affects the ability of the Marine Corps to meet the requirements of the Global Force Management process and operational plans, including an explanation of how the Marine Corps plans to mitigate the loss of such capability or capacity if the divestment affects the ability of the Marine Corps to meet the requirements of the Global Force Management process and operational plans, including through new investments, additional joint planning and training, or other methods; and 
 (F)  an assessment of the actual and projected recruitment and retention percentages for the Marine Corps, starting in fiscal year 2020. 
 
 (4)  Inventory. An inventory of extant or planned investments as a part of Force Design 2030, disaggregated by integrated air and missile defense, littoral mobility and maneuver, sea denial, and reconnaissance and counter-reconnaissance forces, including— (A)  capability name; 
 (B)  capability purpose and context; 
 (C)  capability being replaced (or not applicable); 
 (D)  date of initial operational capability; 
 (E)  date of full operational capability; 
 (F)  deliveries of units by year; and 
 (G)  approved acquisition objective or similar inventory objective. 
 
 (5)  A description of the amphibious warfare ship and maritime mobility requirements the Marine Corps submitted to the Department of the Navy in support of the Marine Corps organization and concepts under Force Design 2030 and its statutory requirements, including— (A)  an explicit statement of the planning assumptions about readiness of amphibious warfare ships and maritime  137 STAT. 404 
mobility platforms that were used in developing the requirements; and 
 (B)  an assessment of whether the 30-year shipbuilding plan of the Navy and the budget for the fiscal year covered by the briefing meet the amphibious ship requirements of the Navy. 
 
 (6)  An assessment of how the capability investments described in paragraph (4) contribute to joint force efficacy in new ways, including through support of other Armed Forces. 
 (7)  An assessment of the ability of the Marine Corps to generate required force elements for the Immediate Ready Force and the Contingency Ready Force over the two fiscal years preceding the fiscal year during which the report and briefing are provided and the expected ability to generate forces for the subsequent two fiscal years. 
 (8)  An assessment of Marine Corps force structure and the readiness of Marine Expeditionary Units compared to availability of amphibious ships comprising an Amphibious Ready Group over the two fiscal years preceding the fiscal year during which the report and briefing are provided and the expected availability for the subsequent two fiscal years. 
 (9)  An assessment by the Marine Corps of the compliance of the Marine Corps with the statutory organization prescribed in  section 8063 of title 10, United States Code , that “[t]he Marine Corps, within the Department of the Navy, shall be so organized as to include not less than three combat divisions and three air wings, and such other land combat, aviation, and other services as may be organic therein”. 
 (10)  An assessment by the Marine Corps of the compliance of the Marine Corps with the statutory functions prescribed in  section 8063 of title 10, United States Code , that “[t]he Marine Corps shall be organized, trained, and equipped to provide fleet marine forces of combined arms, together with supporting air components, for service with the fleet in the seizure or defense of advanced naval bases and for the conduct of such land operations as may be essential to the prosecution of a naval campaign”. 
 
 (d)  Termination date. Effect on Other Requirements .— Effective on the date of the submission of the first report required under subsection (a), the requirement to provide a briefing pursuant to section 1023 of the Joint Explanatory Statement accompanying the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 ) shall cease to have force or effect.