SEC. 1831.  STUDY. (a)  Study on the Supply Chain for Unmanned Aircraft Systems and Components .— (1)  Report required .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the supply chain for covered unmanned aircraft systems, including a discussion of current and projected future demand for covered unmanned aircraft systems. 
 (2)  Elements .— The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A description of the current and future global and domestic market for covered unmanned aircraft systems that are not widely commercially available except from a covered foreign entity. 
 (B)  A description of the sustainability, availability, cost, and quality of secure sources of covered unmanned aircraft systems domestically and from sources in allied and partner countries. 
 (C)  Plan. The plan of the Secretary of Defense to address any gaps or deficiencies identified in subparagraph (B), including through the use of funds available under the Defense Production Act of 1950 ( 50 U.S.C. 4501 et seq. ) and partnerships with the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and other interested persons. 
 (D)  Such other information as the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment determines to be appropriate. 
 
 (3)  Appropriate congressional committees defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (A)  The Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
 (B)  The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives. 
 (C)  The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives. 
 (D)  The Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
 (E)  The Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 137 STAT. 699 
 (F)  The Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. 
 (G)  The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.