SEC. 1643.  Deadlines. INTEGRATED MASTER SCHEDULE FOR THE SENTINEL MISSILE PROGRAM OF THE AIR FORCE. (a)  Documentation Required .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, acting through the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, shall submit to the congressional defense committees an approved integrated master schedule for the Sentinel missile program of the Air Force. 
 (b)  Additional Requirements .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall ensure that the integrated master schedule submitted under subsection (a)— (1)  is consistent with the scheduling best practices set forth in the publication of the Government Accountability Office titled “Schedule Assessment Guide: Best Practices for Project Schedules” (GAO–16–89G), dated December 2015 (or any successor to such guide); 137 STAT. 598 
 (2)  addresses the full scope of work required under the sentinel missile program; and 
 (3)  fully integrates contractor and government activities. 
 
 (c)  Termination date. Monthly Briefings .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and on a monthly basis thereafter until January 1, 2029, the Secretary of the Air Force shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the progress of the Sentinel missile program, which shall include an update on the progress of all subsystems and elements associated with achieving full operational capability of the weapons system. 
 (d)  Notification .— Not later than 30 days after the Secretary of the Air Force becomes aware of an event that is expected to delay, by more than one fiscal quarter, the date on which Sentinel missile achieves initial operational capability (as set forth in the integrated master schedule submitted under subsection (a)), the Secretary shall— (1)  submit notice of such delay to the congressional defense committees; and 
 (2)  include with such notice— (A)  an explanation of the factors causing such delay; and 
 (B)  Plan. a plan to prevent or minimize the duration of such delay.