SEC. 1669.  STRATEGY FOR INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE OF HAWAII AND THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. (a)  Strategy .— (1)  In general .— The Commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Commander of United States Northern Command, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, and the Director of the Joint Integrated Air and Missile Defense Organization, shall develop a comprehensive strategy for developing, acquiring, and operationally establishing an integrated air and missile defense architecture for area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 (2)  Strategy components .— At a minimum, the strategy required by paragraph (1) shall address each of the following: (A)  The sensing, tracking, and intercepting capabilities required to address the full range of credible missile threats to— (i)  the Hawaiian Islands; 
 (ii)  Guam. Determination. the island of Guam and other islands in the greater Marianas region, as determined necessary by the Commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command; 
 (iii)  other territories of the United States located within the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command; and 137 STAT. 608 
 (iv)  United States Armed Forces deployed within the territories of other countries located within such area of responsibility. 
 
 (B)  The appropriate balance of missile detection, tracking, defense, and defeat capabilities in such area of responsibility. 
 (C)  A command and control network for integrating missile detection, tracking, defense, and defeat capabilities across such area of responsibility. 
 (D)  A time-phased scheduling construct for fielding the constituent systems that will comprise the integrated air and missile defense architecture for such area of responsibility. 
 
 
 (b)  Reporting Requirements .— (1)  Report on initial findings .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the analysis conducted by Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the current integrated air and missile defense sensor architecture that informed the submission of the budget of the President (as submitted to Congress pursuant to  section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code ) for fiscal year 2024, and specific programs of record that can support additional sensor coverage for the State of Hawaii. Such report shall include an identification of— (A)  the investments that should be made to increase the detection of nonballistic threats and improve the discrimination of ballistic missile threats, particularly with regards to Hawaii; and 
 (B)  investments that should be made to integrate any sensors into the missile defense system to assist with protection of Hawaii. 
 
 (2)  Annual report .— (A)  In general .— Not later than April 15, 2024, and annually thereafter, the Commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Commander of United States Northern Command, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, and the Director of the Joint Integrated Air and Missile Defense Organization, shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual report on the status of the strategy required under subsection (a). 
 (B)  Time periods. Report criteria .— At a minimum, each annual report under subparagraph (A) shall address— (i)  the activities conducted and progress made in developing and implementing the strategy over the calendar year preceding the calendar year during which the report is submitted; 
 (ii)  the planned activities for developing and implementing the strategy in the calendar year following the calendar year during which the report is submitted; and 
 (iii)  a description of likely risks and impediments to the successful implementation of the strategy. 137 STAT. 609 
 
 (C)  Termination .— The requirement to submit a report under this paragraph shall terminate on the earlier of the following dates: (i)  March 15, 2029. 
 (ii)  Determination. The date on which a comprehensive integrated air and missile defense architecture for the area of responsibility of United States Indo-Pacific Command has achieved initial operational capability, as determined jointly by the Commander of United States Indo-Pacific Command and the Director of the Missile Defense Agency. 
 
 
 (3)  Limitation .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2024 for Operation and Maintenance, Defense-wide, and available for the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which both of the following reports are submitted to the congressional defense committees: (A)  The report on initial findings required by paragraph (1). 
 (B)  The first annual report required by paragraph (2)(A).