SEC. 1049.  10 USC note prec. 1561. ESTABLISHMENT OF PROCEDURE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO DETERMINE CERTAIN COMPLAINTS OR REQUESTS REGARDING PUBLIC DISPLAYS OR PUBLIC EXPRESSIONS OF RELIGION ON PROPERTY OF THE DEPARTMENT. (a)  Establishment . Deadline. Regulations. — Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations that establish the procedure for the timely determination of a covered complaint or request regarding a public display or public expression of religion on property of the Department of Defense. Such regulations shall ensure that— (1)  the officer or official of the Department who receives such complaint or request forwards the covered complaint or request— (A)  to the individual authorized to make a determination under subsection (b); and 
 (B)  not later than 10 days after such receipt; and 
 
 (2)  such individual— (A)  makes such determination not later than 30 days after such individual receives such forwarded covered complaint or request; and 
 (B)  Notification. timely notifies the individual or entity who made such covered complaint or request, and the officer or official of the Department who received such covered complaint or request, of such determination. 
 
 
 (b)  Determinations .— A determination under regulations prescribed under subsection (a) shall be made— (1)  by— (A)  the Secretary of the military department concerned; or 
 (B)  the head of the Defense Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity concerned; and 
 
 (2)  after consultation with— (A) (i)  in the case of a determination made by the Secretary of the military department concerned, the Chief of Chaplains of the military department concerned; or 
 (ii)  in the case of a determination made by the head of the Defense Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity concerned, the Armed Forces Chaplains Board; and 
 
 (B) (i)  a civilian attorney under the jurisdiction the Secretary of the military department concerned or the head of the Defense Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity concerned; or 
 (ii)  an officer of the Judge Advocate General’s Corps. 137 STAT. 394 
 
 
 
 (c)  Covered Complaint or Request Defined .— In this section, the term “ covered complaint or request ” means a complaint or request— (1)  regarding a public display or public expression of religion on property of the Department of Defense; and 
 (2)  made by an individual or entity other than— (A)  a member of the Armed Forces; 
 (B)  a civilian employee of the Department of Defense; or 
 (C)  a contractor of the Department of Defense.