SEC. 1737.  PROMOTION AUTHORITY FLEXIBILITY. (a)  Promotion Authority Flexibility .— During the transition period, the Secretary of the Air Force may convene selection boards  137 STAT. 678 
to consider officers on the space force officer list for promotion, and may promote Space Force officers selected by such boards, in accordance with any of the following provisions of  title 10, United States Code : (1)  Chapter 36. 
 (2)  Part III of subtitle E. 
 (3)  Chapter 2005, as added by section 1716. 
 
 (b)  Applicability. Coordination of Provisions .— (1)  For a selection board convened pursuant to subsection (a) to consider members of the Space Force for promotion in accordance with chapter 36 of such title— (A)  provisions that apply to an officer of a regular component of the Armed Forces shall apply to an officer of the Space Force; and 
 (B)  the space force officer list shall be considered to be an active-duty list. 
 
 (2)  For a selection board convened pursuant to pursuant to subsection (a) to consider members of the Space Force for promotion in accordance with part III of subtitle E of such title— (A)  provisions that apply to an officer of a reserve component of the Armed Forces shall apply to an officer of the Space Force; and 
 (B)  the space force officer list shall be considered to be a reserve active-status list. 
 
 (3)  For a selection board convened pursuant to subsection (a) to consider members of the Space Force for promotion in accordance with either chapter 36 or part III of subtitle E of such title— (A)  section 20213 of such title shall apply to the composition of the selection board; 
 (B)  the provisions of chapter 2005 of such title regarding officers on the space force officer list eligible to be considered for promotion to the grade of brigadier general or major general shall apply; 
 (C)  section 20216 of such title shall apply; and 
 (D)  the provisions of chapter 36 or part III of subtitle E of such title, as the case may be, regarding failure of selection for promotion shall apply. 
 
 
 (c)  Effect of Using New Chapter 2005 Authorities .— If the Secretary of the Air Force convenes a selection board under  chapter 2005 of title 10, United States Code , as added by section 1716, to consider officers on the space force officer list in a particular grade and competitive category for selection for promotion to the next higher grade, the Secretary may not convene a future selection board pursuant to subsection (a) to consider officers of the same grade and competitive category under chapter 36 or part III of subtitle E of such title.