SEC. 1684.  10 USC 2271 note . MATTERS RELATING TO SPACE-BASED GROUND AND AIRBORNE MOVING TARGET INDICATION SYSTEMS. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of the Air Force shall be responsible for presenting space-based ground and airborne moving target indication systems to the combatant commands to accomplish missions assigned to such commands under the Unified Command Plan that— (1)  are primarily or fully funded by the Department of Defense; and 
 (2)  provide near real-time, direct support to satisfy the operational requirements of such commands. 
 
 (b)  Milestone Decision Authority .— The Secretary of the Air Force, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall be milestone decision authority (as defined in  section 4204 of title 10, United States Code ) for Milestone A approval (as defined in section 4211 of such title) for space-related acquisition programs for ground and airborne moving target indication systems described in subsection (a) that are primarily or fully funded within the military intelligence program. 
 (c)  Deadlines. Working Group .— (1)  Establishment .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a working group, to be known as the “Moving Target Indication Working Group” (referred to in this section as the “working group”). 
 (2)  Responsibilities .— The working group shall be responsible for— (A)  addressing Department of Defense joint service requirements for moving target indication systems; 
 (B)  monitoring the cost, schedule, and performance of all efforts to replace the tactical intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capability that is provided, as of the date of enactment of this Act, by the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System; and 137 STAT. 619 
 (C)  developing the processes and procedures for tasking, collection, processing, exploitation, and dissemination of the data collected by moving target indication systems. 
 
 (3)  Membership .— (A)  In general .— The working group shall be composed of members selected by the Secretary of Defense as follows: (i)  One member of the Space Force and one member of the Joint Staff each of whom shall serve as a co-chair of the working group. 
 (ii)  One representative of each of the following: (I)  The Army. 
 (II)  The Navy. 
 (III)  The Marine Corps. 
 (IV)  The Air Force. 
 
 
 (B)  List. Congressional notification .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a list of the members selected to serve on the working group pursuant to subparagraph (A). 
 
 (4)  Briefing requirements .— (A)  Initial briefing .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the co-chairs of the working group shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on— (i)  any capabilities development documents developed by the working group that are either approved by, or in development for, the Joint Requirements Oversight Council; and 
 (ii)  any progress of the working group towards developing processes and procedures for tasking, collection, processing, exploitation, and dissemination of data collected by future moving target indication systems. 
 
 (B)  Biannual briefings .— Not less frequently than biannually following the initial briefing under subparagraph (A), the working group shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the status of any moving target indication programs under development by the Department of Defense as of the date of the briefing. 
 (C)  Sunset .— The requirement to provide briefings under this paragraph shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act.