SEC. 1092.  RED HILL HEALTH IMPACTS. (a)  In General .— (1)  Review .— The Secretary of Defense (referred to in this section as the “Secretary”), in coordination with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and such State and local authorities or other partners as the Secretary considers appropriate, shall— (A)  review the Federal programs and services available to individuals exposed to petroleum; 
 (B)  review current research on petroleum exposure in order to identify additional research needs; and 
 (C)  undertake any other review or activities that the Secretary determines to be appropriate. 
 
 (2)  Time period. Report .— Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for six subsequent years, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the review and activities undertaken under paragraph (1) that includes— (A)  Strategies. strategies for communicating and engaging with stakeholders on the Red Hill Incident; 
 (B)  the number of impacted and potentially impacted individuals; 
 (C)  Data. measures and frequency of follow-up to collect data and specimens related to exposure, health, and developmental milestones as appropriate; and 
 (D)  Summary. Analyses. a summary of data and analyses on exposure, health, and developmental milestones for impacted individuals. 
 
 (3)  Consultation .— In carrying out paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary shall consult with non-Federal experts, including individuals with certification in epidemiology, toxicology, mental health, pediatrics, and environmental health, and members of the impacted community. 
 
 (b)  Deadlines. Red Hill Epidemiological Health Outcomes Study .— (1)  Contracts .— The Secretary may contract with independent research institutes or consultants, nonprofit or public  137 STAT. 424 
entities, laboratories, or medical schools, as the Secretary considers appropriate, that are not part of the Federal Government to assist with the feasibility assessment required by paragraph (2). 
 (2)  Feasibility assessment . Determination. — Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the results of a feasibility assessment to determine the necessity of an epidemiological health outcomes study and to inform the design of the potential epidemiological study or studies to assess health outcomes for impacted individuals, which may include— (A)  Strategy. a strategy to recruit impacted individuals to participate in the study or studies, including incentives for participation; 
 (B)  a description of protocols and methodologies to assess health outcomes from the Red Hill Incident, including data management protocols to secure the privacy and security of the personal information of impacted individuals; 
 (C)  Data. the periodicity for data collection that takes into account the differences between health care practices among impacted individuals who are— (i)  members of the Armed Forces on active duty or spouses or dependents of such members; 
 (ii)  members of the Armed Forces separating from active duty or spouses or dependents of such members; 
 (iii)  veterans and other individuals with access to health care from the Department of Veterans Affairs; and 
 (iv)  individuals without access to health care from the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs; 
 
 (D)  a description of methodologies to analyze data received from the study or studies to determine possible connections between exposure to water contaminated during the Red Hill Incident and adverse impacts to the health of impacted individuals; 
 (E)  an identification of exposures resulting from the Red Hill Incident that may qualify individuals to be eligible for participation in the study or studies as a result of those exposures; 
 (F)  steps that will be taken to provide individuals impacted by the Red Hill Incident with information on available resources and services; and 
 (G)  Determination. a final determination on whether it is feasible to conduct an epidemiological health outcomes study. 
 
 (3)  Notifications; briefings .— If the Secretary determines, upon completion of the feasibility assessment under paragraph (2), that an epidemiological health outcomes study is feasible and necessary, not later than one year after the completion of the feasibility assessment under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— (A)  notify impacted individuals on the interim findings of the study or studies; and 
 (B)  brief the appropriate congressional committees on the interim findings of the study or studies. 
 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: 137 STAT. 425 (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (A)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; 
 (B)  the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate; 
 (C)  the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; 
 (D)  the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; 
 (E)  the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
 (F)  the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Impacted individual .— The term “ impacted individual ” means an individual who, at the time of the Red Hill Incident, lived or worked in a building or residence served by the community water system at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam, Oahu, Hawaii. 
 (3)  Red hill incident .— The term “ Red Hill Incident ” means the release of fuel from the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility, Oahu, Hawaii, into the sole-source basal aquifer located 100 feet below the facility, contaminating the community water system at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam on November 20, 2021.