SEC. 1319.  STUDY AND REPORT ON COMMAND STRUCTURE AND FORCE POSTURE OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES IN THE INDO-PACIFIC REGION. (a)  Study .— (1)  Contracts. In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an independent study of the organizational structure and force posture of the United States Armed Forces in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 (2)  Report to secretary .— (A)  In general .— Not later than 360 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the federally funded research and development center selected to conduct the study required by paragraph (1) shall submit to the Secretary a report on the findings of the study. 137 STAT. 501 
 (B)  Elements .— The report required by subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i)  Assessments. An assessment of— (I)  the organizational structure of the United States Armed Forces in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command; 
 (II)  the force posture, basing, access, and overflight agreements of the United States Armed Forces in such area of responsibility; and 
 (III)  any operational or command and control challenges resulting from the geography, force posture of the United States Armed Forces, or organizational structure of the United States Armed Forces in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 
 (ii)  Recommenda- tions. Any recommendation for— (I)  adjustments to the force posture of the United States Armed Forces in such area of responsibility, including an identification of changes to any basing, access, or overflight agreement that may be necessary in response to the changing security environment in such area of responsibility; 
 (II)  modifying the current organizational structure of the United States Indo-Pacific Command, including modifications affecting United States Forces in Japan and South Korea, in response to such changing security environment; or 
 (III)  improving the ability to coordinate with allies and partners. 
 
 
 
 
 (b)  Report to Congress .— (1)  Records. In general .— Not later than April 1, 2025, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees an unaltered copy of the report submitted to the Secretary under subsection (a)(2), together with the views of the Secretary on the findings set forth in such report and any corresponding recommendations. 
 (2)  Form .— The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
 (3)  Public availability .— The Secretary shall make available to the public the unclassified form of the report required by paragraph (1).