SEC. 1671.  INDEPENDENT ANALYSIS OF SPACE-BASED MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITY. (a)  Deadline. Contracts. Update. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, shall seek to enter into an arrangement with an appropriate federally funded research and development center to update the study referred to in subsection (c). 
 (b)  Elements .— The updated study under subsection (a) shall include analysis of the following: (1)  The extent to which space-based capabilities would address current and evolving missile threats to the United States and deployed Armed Forces. 
 (2)  The maturity levels of technologies necessary for an operational space-based missile defense capability. 
 (3)  Potential options for developing, fielding, operating, and sustaining a space-based missile defense capability, including— (A)  Cost estimate. estimated costs; and 
 (B)  Assessments. assessments of the effectiveness of different architectures. 
 
 (4)  The technical risks, knowledge gaps, or other challenges associated with the development and operation of space-based interceptor capabilities. 
 (5)  The ability of the Department of Defense to protect and defend on-orbit space-based missile defense capabilities, including any recommendations for resiliency requirements that would be needed to ensure the effectiveness of such capabilities. 137 STAT. 611 
 
 (c)  Study Specified .— The study referred to in this subsection is the study conducted by the federally funded research and development center known as the “Institute for Defense Analysis” examining the feasibility and advisability of developing a space-based missile defense capability. 
 (d)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 270 days after entering into an arrangement under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (A)  Records. an unaltered copy of the updated study completed pursuant to the arrangement; and 
 (B)  any views of the Secretary of Defense with respect to such updated study. 
 
 (2)  Form .— The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.