SEC. 1210.  10 USC 346 note . AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE MISSION TRAINING THROUGH DISTRIBUTED SIMULATION. (a)  Effective date. Authority for Training and Distribution .— To enhance the interoperability and integration between the United States Armed Forces and the military forces of friendly foreign countries, effective beginning on the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report required by subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized— (1)  to provide to military personnel of a friendly foreign country persistent advanced networked training and exercise activities (in this section referred to as “mission training through distributed simulation”); and 
 (2)  to provide information technology related to mission training through distributed simulation, including hardware and computer software developed for such activities. 
 
 (b)  Scope of Mission Training .— Mission training through distributed simulation provided under subsection (a) may include advanced distributed network training events and computer-assisted exercises. 
 (c)  Deadline. Guidance on Use of Authority .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall develop and issue guidance on the procedures for the use of the authority provided in this section. 
 (d)  Report .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the anticipated use of mission training through distributed simulation by military personnel of friendly foreign countries. 137 STAT. 450 
 (2)  Elements .— The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A description of anticipated mission training through distributed simulation activities between the United States Armed Forces and the military forces of friendly foreign countries. 
 (B)  A description of the current capabilities of the military forces of friendly foreign countries to support mission training through distributed simulation activities with the United States Armed Forces. 
 (C)  A description of the manner in which the Department intends to use mission training through distributed simulation activities to support implementation of the National Defense Strategy, including in areas of responsibility of the United States European Command and the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 (D)  Recommenda-tion. Any recommendation of the Secretary of Defense for legislative proposals or policy guidance regarding the use of mission training through distributed simulation activities. 
 
 (3)  Appropriate committees of congress defined .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
 
 
 (e)  Sunset .— The authority provided in this section shall terminate on December 31, 2025.