SEC. 111.  LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS PENDING ASSESSMENT OF ARMY TRACKLESS MOVING TARGET SYSTEMS. (a)  In General .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2024 for the Trackless Moving Target program of the Army, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended to procure or further develop the Trackless Moving Target–Infantry variant until the Secretary of the Army— (1)  acting through the Army Combat Capabilities Development Command, conducts an assessment of the Trackless Moving Target–Infantry variant, which shall include— 137 STAT. 166 (A)  obtaining end-user feedback regarding such variant; and 
 (B)  comparing the performance of such variant against the applicable program requirements set forth in the report of Secretary of the Army titled “Autonomous Robotic Targets for Small Arms Range Training”, as submitted to Congress in March 2023; 
 
 (2)  obtains direct soldier feedback on the current Trackless Moving Target program; 
 (3)  Certification. certifies to the congressional defense committees that the acquisition strategy of the Army for the Trackless Moving Target–Infantry variant meets the program requirements set forth in the report referred to in paragraph (1)(B); and 
 (4)  Reports. submits to the congressional defense committees the report required under subsection (b). 
 
 (b)  Report Required .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the completion of the assessment and soldier feedback required under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1)  detailed results of the assessment conducted under subsection (a)(1), including a comparison of the Trackless Moving Target–Infantry variant under development by the Army to other operationally deployed, commercially available targets in use by other Armed Forces; 
 (2)  Summary. a summary of the soldier feedback obtained under subsection (a)(2); and 
 (3)  Certification. Compliance. a certification that the development of the Trackless Moving Target–Infantry variant is in compliance with the requirements of  section 4061 of title 10, United States Code .