SEC. 1841.  44 USC 2107 note . UNIDENTIFIED ANOMALOUS PHENOMENA RECORDS COLLECTION AT THE NATIONAL ARCHIVES AND RECORDS ADMINISTRATION. (a)  Records Collection .— (1)  Establishment of collection .— (A)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Archivist shall commence establishment of a collection of unidentified anomalous phenomena, as such term is defined in section 1673(n)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2022 ( Public Law 117–81 ;  50 U.S.C. 3373 ), records in the National Archives, to be known as the “Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena Records Collection”. 
 (B)  Physical integrity .— In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Archivist shall ensure the physical integrity and original provenance (or if indeterminate, the earliest historical owner) of all records in the Collection. 
 (C)  Record copies .— The Collection shall consist of record copies of all Government, Government-provided, or  137 STAT. 700 
Government-funded records relating to unidentified anomalous phenomena, technologies of unknown origin, and non-human intelligence (or equivalent subjects by any other name with the specific and sole exclusion of temporarily non-attributed objects), which shall be transmitted to the National Archives in accordance with  section 2107 of title 44, United States Code . 
 (D)  Subject guidebook .— The Archivist shall prepare and publish a subject guidebook and index to the Collection. 
 
 (2)  Contents .— The Collection shall include the following: (A)  Copies of all unidentified anomalous phenomena records, regardless of age or date of creation— (i)  that have been transmitted to the National Archives or disclosed to the public in an unredacted form prior to the date of the enactment of this Act; 
 (ii)  that are otherwise required to have been transmitted to the National Archives after the date of the enactment of this Act; or 
 (iii)  the disclosure of which is postponed under this subtitle. 
 
 (B)  A central directory comprised of identification aids created for each record transmitted to the Archivist under section 1842(e). 
 
 
 (b)  Disclosure of Records .— Copies of all unidentified anomalous phenomena records transmitted to the National Archives for disclosure to the public shall— (1)  be included in the Collection; and 
 (2)  Public information. Deadlines. be available to the public— (A)  for inspection and copying at the National Archives within 30 days after their transmission to the National Archives; and 
 (B)  digitally via the National Archives online database within a reasonable amount of time not to exceed 180 days thereafter. 
 
 
 (c)  Fees for Copying .— (1)  In general .— The Archivist shall— (A)  charge fees for copying unidentified anomalous phenomena records; and 
 (B)  Waivers. grant waivers of such fees pursuant to the standards established by  section 552(a)(4) of title 5, United States Code . 
 
 (2)  Determination. Amount of fees .— The amount of a fee charged by the Archivist pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) for the copying of an unidentified anomalous phenomena record shall be such amount as the Archivist determines appropriate to cover the costs incurred by the National Archives in making and providing such copy, except that in no case may the amount of the fee charged exceed the actual expenses incurred by the National Archives in making and providing such copy. 
 
 (d)  Additional Requirements .— (1)  Public information. Web posting. Use of funds .— The Collection shall be preserved, protected, archived, digitized, and made available to the public at the National Archives and via the official National Archives online database using appropriations authorized, specified, and restricted for use under the terms of this subtitle. 
 (2)  Security of records .— The National Security Program Office at the National Archives, in consultation with the  137 STAT. 701 
National Archives Information Security Oversight Office, shall establish a program to ensure the security of the postponed unidentified anomalous phenomena records in the protected, and yet-to-be disclosed or classified portion of the Collection. 
 
 (e)  Oversight .— (1)  Senate .— The Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate shall have continuing legislative oversight jurisdiction in the Senate with respect to the Collection. 
 (2)  House of representatives .— The Committee on Oversight and Accountability, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives shall have continuing legislative oversight jurisdiction in the House of Representatives with respect to the Collection.