SEC. 1203.  INCREASE IN SMALL-SCALE CONSTRUCTION LIMIT AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO BUILD CAPACITY. (a)  Definition of Small-scale Construction .— Section 301(8) of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  striking  “ $1,500,000 ” and  inserting  “ $2,000,000 ”. 
 (b)  Equipment Disposition .— Section 333 of title 10, United States Code ,  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following: “(h)  Equipment Disposition; Notice and Wait .— “(1)  The Secretary of Defense may treat as stocks of the Department of Defense— “(A)  equipment procured to carry out a program pursuant to subsection (a) that has not yet been transferred to a foreign country and is no longer needed to support such program or any other program carried out pursuant to such subsection; and 137 STAT. 442 
 “(B)  equipment that has been transferred to a foreign country to carry out a program pursuant to subsection (a) and is returned by the foreign country to the United States. 
 
 “(2)  Deadline. Notice and wait .— Not later than 15 days before initiating activities under a program under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a written and electronic notice of the following: “(A)  The foreign country, and specific unit, whose capacity was intended to be built under the program, and the amount, type, and purpose of the equipment that was to be provided. 
 “(B)  An explanation why the equipment is no longer needed to support such program or another program carried out pursuant to such subsection.” 
 
 
 . 
 (c)  International Agreements .— Such section is further amended by  adding  at the end the following: “(i)  International Agreements .— “(1)  In general .— The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may— “(A)  allow a foreign country to provide sole-source direction for assistance in support of a program carried out pursuant to subsection (a); and 
 “(B)  enter into an agreement with a foreign country to provide such sole-source direction. 
 
 “(2)  Deadline. Notification .— Not later than 72 hours after the Secretary of Defense enters into an agreement under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notification that includes the following: “(A)  A description of the parameters of the agreement, including types of support, objectives, and duration of support and cooperation under the agreement. 
 “(B)  A description and justification of any anticipated use of sole-source direction pursuant to such agreement. 
 “(C)  Assessment. An assessment of the extent to which the equipment to be provided under the agreement— “(i)  responds to the needs of the foreign country; and 
 “(ii)  can be sustained by the foreign country. 
 
 “(D)  Determination. A determination as to whether the anticipated costs to be incurred under the agreement are fair and reasonable. 
 “(E)  Certification. A certification that the agreement is in the national security interests of the United States. 
 “(F)  Any other matter relating to the agreement, as determined by the Secretary of Defense.” 
 
 
 .