SEC. 1538.  STUDY ON OCCUPATIONAL RESILIENCY OF CYBER MISSION FORCE. (a)  Deadline. Study .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department of Defense and the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, in coordination with the principal cyber advisors of the military departments and the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, shall conduct a study on the personnel and resources required to enhance and support the occupational resiliency of the Cyber Mission Force. 
 (b)  Elements .— The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Inventory. An inventory of the resources and programs available to personnel assigned to the Cyber Mission Force, disaggregated by Armed Force and location. 
 (2)  Assessment. An assessment of the risk to the occupational resiliency of such personnel relative to the respective operational work role within the Cyber Mission Force (as defined by the Commander of the United States Cyber Command) and the number of such personnel available to perform operations in each such category of operational work role. 
 (3)  Evaluation. An evaluation of the extent to which personnel assigned to the Cyber Mission Force have been made aware of the resources and programs referred to in paragraph (1), and of measures required to improve such awareness. 
 (4)  Determination. A determination by the Commander of the United States Cyber Command regarding the adequacy and accessibility of such resources and programs for personnel assigned to the Cyber Mission Force. 
 (5)  Such other matters as may be determined necessary by the Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department of Defense and the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness. 
 
 (c)  Reports. Submission to Congress .— Upon completing the study under subsection (a), the Principal Cyber Advisor of the Department of Defense and the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of such study. 
 (d)  Occupational Resiliency Defined .— In this section, the term “ occupational resiliency ” means, with respect to personnel  137 STAT. 572 
assigned to the Cyber Mission Force, the ability of such personnel to mitigate the unique psychological factors that contribute to the degradation of mental health and job performance under such assignment.