SEC. 1064.  AIR FORCE PLAN FOR MAINTAINING PROFICIENT AIRCREWS IN CERTAIN MISSION AREAS. (a)  Plan Required .—  The Secretary of the Air Force shall develop a plan, and the associated actions and milestones for implementing the plan, to designate, equip, and train the number of combat air forces aviation units (in this section referred to as “CAF units”), equipped with fixed-wing or rotorcraft assets, that are required in order to maintain proficient aircrew skills in accordance with the Core Mission Essential Task List and Designed Operational Capability Statement of each such unit in the following mission areas: (1)  Close air support. 
 (2)  Forward air controller–airborne. 
 (3)  Combat search and rescue. 
 (4)  Airborne battle management. 
 
 (b)  Report .— The Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plan required under subsection (a). Such report shall include the following information: (1)  The number of CAF units required to meet steady-state, contingency, and wartime mission requirements for each mission area referred to in subsection (a). 
 (2)  The number of proficient aircrews each unit must maintain in order to be qualified and current in each such mission area. 
 (3)  The number of CAF units and aircrew personnel that, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, are trained and equipped to meet steady-state, contingency, and wartime mission requirements for each such mission area. 
 (4)  The location of any CAF unit and associated aircraft that have been designated to be proficient in such mission areas. 
 (5)  The minimum quantity of initial training and continuation training sorties and events aircrews will be required to achieve monthly and yearly to be qualified as proficient, current, and experienced in such mission areas. 
 (6)  Any other information, data, or analyses the Secretary determines relevant. 
 
 (c)  Effective date. Limitation .— The Secretary of the Air Force may not reduce the total inventory of the Air Force of A-10 aircraft below 218  137 STAT. 402 
until the date that is 180 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report required under subsection (b). 
 (d)  Definition of Proficient .— In this section, the term “ proficient ”, with respect to an aircrew, means that such aircrew— (1)  has thorough knowledge but occasionally may make an error of omission or commission; 
 (2)  is able to operate in a complex, fluid environment and is able to handle most contingencies and unusual circumstances; and 
 (3)  is prepared for mission tasking on the first sortie in a theater of operations.