SEC. 1024.  BIANNUAL BRIEFINGS ON SUBMARINE READINESS. (a)  In General . Deadline. Termination date. — Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and once every 180 days thereafter until September 30, 2026, the Secretary of the Navy shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on submarine maintenance and readiness. 
 (b)  Elements .— Each briefing required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Overview. An overview of submarine maintenance activities, including— (A)  the original estimated schedule for completion of attack, ballistic, and guided missile submarine depot-level maintenance activities; 
 (B)  any adjustments made to such schedule; 
 (C)  in the case of any such adjustment— (i)  the reason why the adjustment was necessary; and 
 (ii)  an identification of the new timeframe for completion and any additional costs, broken out by shipyard or private entity (by site), by name, and by type of submarine; 
 (iii)  a discussion of the reasons for the scheduling delays (manpower, parts, or other), including projections with respect to the availability of parts; 
 (iv)  a discussion of how the cannibalization of submarines for parts affects the overall maintenance capacity and scheduling, as well as a discussion on how moving money from program to program during the year of execution affects the scheduling of maintenance; and 
 (v)  a discussion of the efforts the Navy has taken to address the ongoing delays. 
 
 
 (2)  A discussion of ongoing Shipyard Infrastructure Optimization Program efforts and how such efforts affect depot-level maintenance activities for attack, ballistic, and guided missile submarines. 
 (3)  A discussion of how the Department of the Navy is applying lessons learned from other Navy programs to the submarine maintenance enterprise. 
 (4)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for legislative changes required with respect to policies or resources to ensure efficient and effective maintenance and operational readiness for the submarine enterprise.