SEC. 1247.  President. BLACK SEA SECURITY AND DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY. (a)  In General .— The President shall direct the National Security Council to develop an interagency strategy with regard to the Black Sea region and Black Sea states— (1)  to increase coordination with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the European Union; 
 (2)  to deepen economic ties; 
 (3)  to strengthen energy security; 
 (4)  to support efforts to bolster their democratic resilience; and 
 (5)  to enhance security assistance with regional partners in accordance with the values and interests of the United States. 
 
 (b)  Purpose and Objectives .— The strategy authorized under subsection (b) shall have the following goals and objectives: (1)  Ensuring the efficient and effective delivery of security assistance to regional partners in accordance with the values and interests of the United States, prioritizing assistance that will bolster defenses, increase regional cooperation on Black Sea security, and improve interoperability with NATO forces. 
 (2)  Bolstering United States support for the region’s energy security and integration with Europe and reducing the region’s dependence on Russia while supporting energy diversification. 
 (3)  Working with partners and allies to mitigate the impact of economic coercion by the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China on Black Sea states and identifying new opportunities for foreign direct investment from the United States and cooperating countries and the enhancement of United States business ties with regional partners in accordance with the values and interests of the United States. 
 (4)  Increasing high-level engagement between the United States and regional partners, including reinforcing economic growth, infrastructure development, and enhancing trade with a focus on improving high-level economic cooperation. 
 (5)  Increasing United States coordination with the European Union and NATO member states to maximize effectiveness and minimize duplication. 
 
 (c)  Activities .— (1)  Security .— The strategy authorized under subsection (b) should include the following elements related to security: (A)  A plan to increase interagency coordination on the Black Sea region. 
 (B)  A plan to coordinate and synchronize security assistance with Black Sea states, focused on Ukraine, Romania, Bulgaria, Moldova, and Georgia, with the aim of increasing regional cooperation on Black Sea security. 137 STAT. 463 
 (C)  A plan to enhance collaboration with Black Sea states to recognize and respond to Russian disinformation and propaganda in the Black Sea region. 
 
 (2)  Economic prosperity .— The strategy authorized under subsection (b) shall include the following elements related to economic prosperity: (A)  A strategy to foster dialogue between experts from the United States and from the Black Sea states on economic expansion, foreign direct investment, strengthening rule of law initiatives, and mitigating economic coercion by the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China. 
 (B)  A strategy for all the relevant Federal departments and agencies that contribute to United States economic statecraft to expand their presence and identify new opportunities for private investment with regional partners in accordance with the values and interests of the United States. 
 (C)  Assessment. Assessments on energy security, focusing on the immediate need to replace energy supplies from the Russian Federation, and recognizing the long-term importance of broader energy diversification. 
 (D)  Assessment. Assessments of potential food security solutions, including sustainable, long-term arrangements. 
 
 (3)  Plans. Democratic resilience .— The strategy authorized under subsection (b) shall include the following elements related to democratic resilience: (A)  A plan to increase independent media and United States-supported media initiatives to combat foreign malign influence in the Black Sea region. 
 (B)  A plan to increase mobilization of initiatives spearheaded by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development to counter Russian propaganda and disinformation in the Black Sea region. 
 
 
 (d)  Identification of Necessary Authorities and Budgetary Resources .— The President shall identify any necessary authorities or budgetary resources required, by agency, to support the implementation of the strategy for fiscal years 2025 and 2026. 
 (e)  Deadlines. Submission of Strategy and Resource Assessment .— The President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress— (1)  the strategy authorized by subsection (b) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
 (2)  the authority and resourcing assessment required by subsection (d) not later than 360 days after such date of enactment. 
 
 (f)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the  137 STAT. 464 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Black sea states .— The term “ Black Sea states ” means— (A)  Bulgaria; 
 (B)  Georgia; 
 (C)  Moldova; 
 (D)  Romania; 
 (E)  Turkey; and 
 (F)  Ukraine.