SEC. 1414.  10 USC 4811 note . CRITICAL MINERAL INDEPENDENCE. (a)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— 137 STAT. 529 (A)  the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Covered country .— The term “ covered country ” means— (A)  a covered nation (as defined in  section 4872(d) of title 10, United States Code ); and 
 (B)  any other country determined by the Secretary of Defense to be a strategic competitor or adversary of the United States for purposes of this section. 
 
 (3)  Critical mineral .— The term “ critical mineral ” means a critical mineral (as defined in section 7002(a) of the Energy Act of 2020 ( 30 U.S.C. 1606(a) )) that the Secretary of Defense determines to be important to the national security of the United States for purposes of this section. 
 (4)  Shortfall material .— The term “ shortfall material ” means materials determined to be in shortfall in the most recent report on stockpile requirements submitted to Congress under subsection (a) of section 14 of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act ( 50 U.S.C. 98h–5 ) and included in the most recent briefing required by subsection (f) of such section. 
 
 (b)  Statement of Policy .— It is the policy of the United States— (1)  to expand secure sources of supply of critical minerals, including rare earth elements, in the United States and in countries that are allies or partners of the United States to meet the needs of the United States defense sector so that the Department of Defense will achieve critical mineral supply chain independence from covered countries, including the People’s Republic of China, the Russian Federation, the Islamic Republic of Iran, and the Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea; and 
 (2)  that the Department of Defense will procure critical minerals and products made using supply chains involving critical minerals that are not mined or processed in or by covered countries. 
 
 (c)  Strategy to Achieve Critical Mineral Supply Chain Independence for the Department of Defense .— (1)  Deadlines. In general .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a strategy to develop supply chains for the Department of Defense that are not dependent on mining or processing of critical minerals in or by covered countries, in order to achieve critical mineral supply chain independence from covered countries for the Department by 2035. 
 (2)  Elements .— The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall— (A)  Assessment. identify and assess significant vulnerabilities in the supply chains of contractors and subcontractors of the Department of Defense involving critical minerals that are mined or processed in or by covered countries; 
 (B)  Recommenda- tions. identify and recommend changes to the acquisition laws, regulations, and policies of the Department of Defense to ensure contractors and subcontractors of the Department  137 STAT. 530 
use supply chains involving critical minerals that are not mined or processed in or by covered countries to the greatest extent practicable; 
 (C)  Evaluation. evaluate the utility and desirability of leveraging the process for acquiring shortfall materials for the National Defense Stockpile under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act ( 50 U.S.C. 98 et seq. ) to strengthen mining and processing capacity for critical minerals in the United States and in countries that are allies or partners of the United States; 
 (D)  identify areas of potential engagement and partnership with the governments of countries that are allies or partners of the United States to jointly reduce dependence on critical minerals mined or processed in or by covered countries; 
 (E)  identify and recommend other policy changes that may be needed to achieve critical mineral supply chain independence from covered countries for the Department; 
 (F)  Recommenda- tions. identify and recommend measures to streamline authorities and policies with respect to critical minerals and supply chains for critical minerals; and 
 (G)  prioritize the recommendations made in the strategy to achieve critical mineral supply chain independence from covered countries for the Department, taking into consideration economic costs and varying degrees of vulnerability posed to the national security of the United States by reliance on different types of critical minerals. 
 
 (3)  Form of strategy .— The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in classified form but shall include an unclassified summary.