SEC. 1688.  INDO-PACIFIC MISSILE STRATEGY. (a)  Deadline. Strategy .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a strategy for ground-based theater-range conventional missiles in the Indo-Pacific region. 
 (b)  Elements .— The strategy required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Assessment. An assessment of gaps in ground-based theater-range conventional missile capabilities in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 (2)  Requirements. An identification of military requirements for ground-based theater-range conventional missile systems, including range, propulsion, payload, launch platform, weapon effects, and other operationally relevant factors. 
 (3)  Assessment. An identification of prospective basing locations for ground-based theater-range conventional missiles in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command and an assessment of steps required to receive host-nation permission for forward-basing of such weapon systems. 
 (4)  A description of operational concepts for employment of such ground-based theater-range conventional missiles, including integration with other capabilities in the Western Pacific region. 
 (5)  An identification of prospective allies, partners, and institutional mechanisms for co-production of new ground-based theater-range conventional missiles. 
 (6)  Assessment. An assessment of the cost, schedule, and feasibility of ground-based theater-range conventional missile programs, including any potential cost-sharing structures through existing institutional mechanisms. 
 (7)  Any other matter the Secretary considers relevant. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The strategy required by subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form, but shall include an unclassified summary. 
 (d)  Ground-based Theater-range Conventional Missile .— The term  Definition. “ground-based theater-range conventional missile” means a short-range, medium-range, or intermediate-range conventional mobile ground-launched cruise or hypersonic missile system with a range between 500 and 5,500 kilometers. 137 STAT. 623