SEC. 1634.  MATTERS RELATING TO THE ACQUISITION AND DEPLOYMENT OF THE SENTINEL INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE WEAPON SYSTEM. (a)  Modifications to the Intercontinental Ballistic Missile Site Activation Task Force .— Section 1638 of the James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( Public Law 117–263 )  is amended — (1)  136 Stat. 2941 . in subsection (b)(1), by  inserting  “ , who shall report directly to the Commander of Air Force Global Strike Command ” after “ Modernization ”; and 
 (2)  136 Stat. 2942 . by  striking  subsection (d)(1) and  inserting  the following: “(1)  Weapon system .— For purposes of nomenclature and acquisition life cycle activities ranging from development through sustainment and demilitarization, each wing level configuration of the LGM–35A Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile shall be a weapon system.” 
 . 
 
 (b)  Assessment for Needed or Modified Acquisition Authorities .— (1)  Determination. Assessment required .— The Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct an assessment of the Sentinel weapon system program to determine if any existing, modified, or new acquisition authorities could be used in future years to— (A)  ensure the program meets current timelines; or 
 (B)  ensure the defense industrial base can adequately plan for and deliver components, subsystems, and systems in accordance with the integrated master schedule. 
 
 (2)  Multi-year procurement authority .— In conducting the assessment required under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall evaluate the potential need for multi-year procurement authority. 
 (3)  Report .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the assessment required under paragraph (1). The report shall include— (A)  an identification of all authorities covered by the assessment; 
 (B)  Determination. a determination of the effect of each such authority on the successful delivery of initial- and full-operational capability to the Sentinel weapon system program; and 
 (C)  in the case of any new authority, an identification of the year during which the authority should be granted.