SEC. 1306.  LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS PENDING FEASIBILITY STUDY REGARDING DELIVERY OF HARPOON MISSILES TO FOREIGN SECURITY PARTNERS. (a)  Limitation .— Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2024 and available for the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development and Acquisition, not more than 85 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development and Acquisition submits to the congressional defense committees the feasibility study required by subsection (b). 
 (b)  Feasibility Study Required .— (1)  Deadline. Analysis. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development and Acquisition, shall conduct a study to analyze the feasibility and advisability of accelerating the provision of Harpoon missiles to foreign security partners under existing Foreign Military Sales cases, additional appropriations, and pursuant to the authority provided under section 506 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2318 ) or  section 333 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (2)  Analysis. Elements .— The study required by paragraph (1) shall, at a minimum, include the following: (A)  List. A list of existing Foreign Military Sales cases for Harpoon missiles to foreign security partners. 
 (B)  Timeline. The current timeline for the delivery of Harpoon missiles under each of the Foreign Military Sales cases identified under subparagraph (A). 
 (C)  Timeline. A detailed analysis of contracting timelines for Harpoon missiles procured by foreign security partners through the Foreign Military Sales process and recommendations, if any, for accelerating such contracting timelines. 
 (D)  An analysis of the feasibility and advisability of accelerating the provision of Harpoon missiles to foreign security partners under existing Foreign Military Sales cases, including through— (i)  additional appropriations; 137 STAT. 492 
 (ii)  the authority provided under section 506 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2318 ); 
 (iii)  the authority provided in  section 333 of title 10, United States Code ; 
 (iv)  any other authorities available to the Secretary of Defense under  title 10 of the United States Code . 
 
 (E)  An analysis of the potential for the United States Government to facilitize additional production capacity or purchase additional Harpoon missiles for future provision under section 506 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2318 ). 
 
 
 (c)  Congressional Briefing .— (1)  Deadline. Taiwan. In general .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter through December 31, 2027, the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State shall jointly provide the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a briefing on the current status of United States-provided security assistance to Taiwan, including— (A)  List. a list of existing cases for defense articles and services to be provided to Taiwan utilizing the authorities described in paragraph (2), including, with respect to a defense item or service planned or anticipated to be provided— (i)  a narrative description of the item or service; 
 (ii)  the total value of the item or service; 
 (iii)  the lead program office involved in the provision of the item or service; and 
 (iv)  the vendor of the item or service; 
 
 (B)  Estimate. the estimated delivery schedule for each case identified under subparagraph (A); 
 (C)  an identification of any case identified under subparagraph (A) that has been delayed by more than 3 months from the original estimated delivery schedule; 
 (D)  any actions the Department of State and the Department of Defense have identified to prevent delays or accelerate the delivery of any case identified under subparagraph (A); and 
 (E)  any other matters determined to be relevant by the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense. 
 
 (2)  Authorities described .— The authorities described in this paragraph are the following: (A)  The Foreign Military Financing, Foreign Military Sales, and Direct Commercial Sales programs of the Department of State. 
 (B)  The Department of Defense security assistance authorized by  chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (C)  The Department of State training and education programs authorized by chapter 5 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2347 et seq. ). 
 (D)  Section 506 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2318 ). 
 (E)  The provision of excess defense articles pursuant to the requirements of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq. ). 137 STAT. 493 
 (F)  Any other authority available to the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of State.