SEC. 2875.  QUARTERLY BRIEFINGS ON MILITARY CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO THE SENTINEL INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE WEAPON SYSTEM PROGRAM. (a)  Deadline. Termination date. Time period. Contracts. Briefing Required .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on contracts for covered construction projects relating to the Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system program. 
 (b)  Elements .— These briefings shall include at a minimum the following information: (1)  Update. An update on the Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system program, including delays that may affect the timelines for covered construction projects. 
 (2)  Update. Timelines. Costs. An update on timelines and costs for covered construction projects, including details on land acquisitions for such projects. 
 (3)  Update. Surveys. An update on any site surveys conducted at the site for performance of the covered construction project, including new information about site conditions that may impact future contracts for covered construction projects. 
 (4)  With respect to any contract or subcontract (at any tier) for a covered construction project that is not a fixed-price contract, a description of the location of performance for such contract or subcontract. 
 (5)  With respect to any contract or subcontract (at any tier) for a covered construction project that is a cost-plus-incentive-fee contract, a description of the following for performance of the contract or subcontract: (A)  The target cost. 
 (B)  The target incentive fee. 
 (C)  The minimum and maximum incentive fee amounts. 
 (D)  A description of the incentive fee adjustment formula (including allowable costs). 
 (E)  A description of the incentive fee structure. 
 (F)  Analysis. An analysis of any change to the elements in subparagraphs (A) through (E) since the previous quarter. 
 
 (6)  Summary. A summary of Government actions to mitigate cost growth of covered construction projects. 
 (7)  Review. A review of conditions observed at the site for performance of the covered construction project contract during the previous quarter and how those conditions may impact the cost of such contract and subsequent contracts for covered construction projects at such site. 
 (8)  Schedule. The most recent construction schedule, including any anticipated delays and mitigation measures for each such delay,  137 STAT. 780 
requests for equitable adjustment, and any changes to the schedule since the previous quarter. 
 (9)  Update. Cost estimates. An update on the estimated cost to complete the covered construction project. 
 (10)  Summary. A summary of any factors that may cause delay to the completion of the covered construction project or cost growth for such project, including workforce shortages, regulatory review timelines, and supply chain shortages. 
 (11)  Any required changes to statute or regulation, including any changes to the future-years defense program submitted under  section 221 of title 10, United States Code , relating to the covered construction project. 
 
 (c)  Covered Construction Project Defined .— In this section, the term “ covered construction project ” means a below-ground military construction project or other infrastructure project in connection with the development and fielding of the Sentinel intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system program.