“§ 222e. 10 USC 222e .  Unfunded priorities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering: annual report “(a)  Annual Report .— Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the President for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the unfunded priorities of the Department of Defense related to activities for which the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering has authority. 
 “(b)  Elements .— “(1)  In general .— Except as provided in subsection (c), each report submitted under subsection (a) shall specify, for each unfunded priority covered by such report, the following: “(A)  Summary. A summary description of such priority, including the objectives to be achieved if such priority is funded (whether in whole or in part). 137 STAT. 183 
 “(B)  Recommenda- tions. The additional amount of funds recommended in connection with the objectives under subparagraph (A). 
 “(C)  Account information with respect to such priority, including the following (as applicable): “(i)  Line Item Number (LIN) for applicable procurement accounts. 
 “(ii)  Program Element (PE) number for applicable research, development, test, and evaluation accounts. 
 
 
 “(2)  Prioritization of priorities .— The report under subsection (a) shall present the unfunded priorities covered by such report in order of urgency of priority. 
 
 “(c)  Exclusion of Priorities Covered in Other Reports .— The report submitted under subsection (a) shall not include unfunded priorities or requirements covered in reports submitted under— “(1)  section 222a or 222b of this title; or 
 “(2)  section 2806 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 ( Public Law 115–91 ;  10 U.S.C. 222a note ). 
 
 “(d)  Classified information. Summary. Form of Report .— Each report submitted under subsection (a) shall be submitted in classified form, but may include an unclassified summary as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
 “(e)  Unfunded Priority Defined .— In this section, the term ‘ unfunded priority ’, in the case of a fiscal year, means a program, activity, or mission requirement, that— “(1)  is not funded in the budget of the President for the fiscal year as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31; and 
 “(2)  would have been recommended for funding through that budget if— “(A)  additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mission requirement; or 
 “(B)  the program, activity, or mission requirement has emerged since the budget was formulated.”