SEC. 2886.  10 USC note prec. 2001. CONTINUING EDUCATION CURRICULUM ON USE OF INNOVATIVE PRODUCTS FOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. (a)  Curriculum Required . Deadline. — Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the Naval Facilities Systems Engineering Command and the Deputy Commanding General for Military and International Operations for the Army Corps of Engineers, shall establish a joint continuing education curriculum for the following individuals responsible for managing military construction projects and planning and design projects within the Department of Defense: (1)  Project managers. 
 (2)  Program managers. 
 (3)  Design professionals. 
 (4)  Contracting officers. 
 (5)  Representatives of such contracting officers. 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The curriculum under subsection (a) shall include training on— (1)  cost estimating and cost control mechanisms, including analyses of contract types; 
 (2)  standards relating to antiterrorism force protection, lateral wind, seismic activity, and fire performance; 
 (3)  life-cycle sustainability and renewability; 
 (4)  use of innovative building materials (including sustainable materials) and innovative construction methods; and 
 (5)  designs to improve the resilience of military installations. 
 
 (c)  Deadlines. Provision of Training; Curriculum Updates .— The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that— (1)  not later than 180 days after the date of the completion of the curriculum under subsection (a), such curriculum is made available to the contracting officers and program managers described in such subsection; 
 (2)  by not later than January 1, 2025— (A)  not less than 75 percent of the individuals described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of such subsection have completed the continuing education curriculum required under such subsection in effect as of such date; and 
 (B)  such individuals are provided updated information on innovative construction techniques on a continuous basis; and 
 
 (3)  such curriculum is updated each time an innovative product or construction method is included in the Unified Facilities Criteria/DoD Building Code (UFC 1–200–01). 
 
 (d)  Report .— Not later than June 1, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report that includes— 137 STAT. 784 (1)  Update. an update on the status of the curriculum under subsection (a); and 
 (2)  a plan for administering such curriculum to the individuals described in paragraphs (1) through (5) of such subsection. 
 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section, the terms “military construction project” and “military installation” have the meanings given in  section 2801 of title 10, United States Code . Plan.