SEC. 228.  10 USC 4571 note . POLICIES FOR MANAGEMENT AND CERTIFICATION OF LINK 16 MILITARY TACTICAL DATA LINK NETWORK. (a)  Policies Required .— The Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement policies to adapt Link 16 system management and certification to align with agile development practices. 
 (b)  Processes. Elements .— The policies required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  A standardized process through a Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff Manual, to allow Link 16 frequency use within approved special use airspaces for the purpose of testing radio systems and associated software that have not completed electromagnetic compatibility features certification. Such process— (A)  shall, at a minimum, ensure routine and continued approval for test operations of developmental systems in the Nevada Test and Training Range, Restricted Area 2508, Warning Area 151/470, Warning Area 386, and the Joint Pacific Alaska Range Complex; and 
 (B)  may incorporate standardized mitigations that enable routine approval including effective radiated power settings and coordination for rapid test termination. 
 
 (2)  Deadline. Processes to streamline approval or denial of temporary frequency assignment for Link 16 operations to not more than 15 days for test, training, and large-scale exercises. In developing such processes, the Secretary of Defense— (A)  shall ensure that the processes cover operations in excess of uncoordinated operations time slot duty factor limits, inclusion of foreign participants, and participation of non-stage 4 approved terminals or platforms; and 
 (B)  consider delegating sole authority for temporary frequency assignment to the Department of Defense and the automation of decision-making processes relating to such assignments. 
 
 (3)  Determination. Delegation of authority to the system manager for Link 16 to determine when new software within Department of Defense Link 16 terminals affects electromagnetic compatibility features and requires recertification. 
 (4)  Compliance. The self-certification by the Department of Defense of the compliance of the Department’s radios with electromagnetic compatibility features. 
 (5)  Deadline. Processes to internally manage Link 16 uncoordinated operations that enable approval for test, training, and exercises that does not exceed 15 days for systems holding an active radio frequency authorization or temporary frequency assignment. 
 
 (c)  Deadline. Information to Congress .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees— (1)  Briefing. a briefing on the policies developed under subsection (a), along with a timeline for implementation of such policies; and 
 (2)  List. Determination. a list of such additional resources or authorities as the Secretary determines may be required to implement such policies. 137 STAT. 200 
 
 (d)  Testing Required .— (1)  Review. Determinations. In general .— In conjunction with the development of the policies required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall conduct, sponsor, or review testing and analysis that determines if any effects on air traffic systems are possible due to Link 16 terminals which have not completed electromagnetic compatibility features certification and quantifies any such effects. Such Evaluation.  testing shall evaluate Link 16 transmission within plus or minus 7 megahertz of the 1030 and 1090 megahertz frequency bands to determine if effects on air traffic systems are possible, under what conditions such effects could occur, and the impact of such effects. 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the testing conducted under paragraph (1), with an emphasis on procedures that the Secretary intends to implement to negate harmful effects on air traffic from the use of Link 16 terminals or platforms that have not completed electromagnetic compatibility features certification, within special use airspace.