SEC. 2852.  AUTHORITY TO MAKE GRANTS FOR SECURITY AND FIRE PROTECTION FOR FORMER ARMY AND NAVY GENERAL HOSPITAL, HOT SPRINGS NATIONAL PARK, HOT SPRINGS, ARKANSAS; BRIEFING. (a)  Contracts. Grant Authority .— The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Office of Local Defense Community Cooperation, may make a grant (including a supplemental grant) or enter into a cooperative agreement under section 2391 of title  137 STAT. 763 
10, United States Code, to assist the State of Arkansas provide security services and fire protection services for the covered property. 
 (b)  Deadline. Summaries. Cost estimates. Briefing Required .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing that includes— (1)  a summary of the coordination among affected stakeholders during the period covered by the briefing, including— (A)  the Administrator of the General Services Administration; 
 (B)  the National Park Service; 
 (C)  the Governor of Arkansas; 
 (D)  the Mayor of Hot Springs, Arkansas; and 
 (E)  the State Historic Preservation Officer for the State of Arkansas; 
 
 (2)  a summary of— (A)  any environmental investigations conducted at the covered property as of the date of the enactment of this Act; 
 (B)  the response actions required under any such environmental investigation; 
 (C)  an identification of potentially responsible parties, if any, for any hazardous substance identified under an environmental investigation described in subparagraph (A); and 
 (D)  an estimate of the cost to complete environmental restoration at the covered property; 
 
 (3)  an estimation of the total cost to— (A)  stabilize each structure on the covered property; and 
 (B)  demolish each such structure; and 
 
 (4)  Assessment. Recommenda- tions. an assessment of necessary steps for the covered property to be eligible for a grant under the Arkansas Brownfields Program and recommendations with respect to such steps. 
 
 (c)  Authorization of Appropriations .— The Secretary of Defense may obligate or expend not more than $2,750,000 of the funds authorized to be appropriated in section 4301 for the Office of Local Defense Community Operation to carry out subsection (a). 
 (d)  Covered Property Defined .— In this section, the term “ covered property ” means the approximately twenty-one acres, more or less, of land located at Hot Springs National Park, Arkansas, which comprise facilities previously occupied by the Army and Navy General Hospital conveyed by quitclaim deed to the State of Arkansas pursuant to the Act of September 21, 1959.