SEC. 2810.  10 USC 2805 note . AUTHORITY FOR INDO-PACIFIC POSTURE UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. (a)  Authority .— To support the posture of the Armed Forces in the United States Indo-Pacific Command area of operations, the Commander of the United States Indo-Pacific Command (in this section referred to as the “Commander”) may carry out unspecified minor military construction projects not otherwise authorized by law with an approved cost less than $15,000,000. 
 (b)  Scope of Project Authority .— A project carried out under this section may include— (1)  the design, construction, development, conversion, extension, renovation, or repair of a facility, whether to satisfy temporary or permanent requirements; and 
 (2)  to the extent necessary, any acquisition of land subject to the limitations on real property acquisition of  chapter 159 of title 10, United States Code . 
 
 (c)  Purposes .— A project carried out under this section shall be for the purpose of— (1)  supporting the rotational deployments of the Armed Forces; 
 (2)  enhancing facility preparedness and military installation resilience (as defined in  section 101(e)(8) of title 10, United States Code ) in support of potential, planned, or anticipated defense activities; or 
 (3)  providing for prepositioning and storage of equipment and supplies. 
 
 (d)  Location of Projects .— A project carried out under this section must be located within the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command and at a military installation that includes a main operating base, cooperative security location, forward operating site, or contingency location for use by the Armed Forces. 
 (e)  Available Amounts .— In carrying out a project under this section, the Commander may use amounts appropriated for— (1)  the INDOPACOM Military Construction Pilot Program fund (as specified in the funding table in section 4601); and 
 (2)  operation and maintenance, not to exceed 200 percent of the amount specified in  section 2805(c) of title 10, United States Code . 
 
 (f)  Notice to Congress .— (1)  In general .— If the Commander decides to carry out a project under this section with a cost exceeding $2,000,000, the Commander shall submit a written notification to the congressional defense committees of that decision. 
 (2)  Relevant details . Cost estimates. — A notice under paragraph (1) with respect to a project shall include relevant details and justification of the project, including the estimated cost, and may include a classified annex. 
 (3)  Timing .— A project under this section covered by paragraph (1) may not be carried out until the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date of receipt of the notification under such paragraph by the congressional defense committees. 
 
 (g)  Project Execution .— (1)  Project supervision .— Subsections (a) and (b) of  section 2851 of title 10, United States Code , shall not apply to projects carried out by the Commander under this section. 137 STAT. 748 
 (2)  Application of  chapter 169 of title 10, united states code .— When exercising the authority under subsection (a), the Commander shall, for purposes of  chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code , be considered the Secretary concerned. 
 
 (h)  Annual Report . Lists. Recommenda- tions. — Not later than December 31, 2024, and annually thereafter until the termination date in subsection (i), the Commander shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a list of projects funded, lessons learned, and, subject to the concurrence of the Secretary of Defense, recommended adjustments to the authority under this section for the most recently ended fiscal year covered by the report. 
 (i)  Termination .— The authority to carry out a project under this section expires on March 31, 2029.