SEC. 2836.  10 USC note prec. 2851. ESTABLISHMENT OF CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES FOR OVERSIGHT OF COVERED MILITARY UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING. (a)  Establishment Civilian Employees .— (1)  Deadline. Regulations. Requirements. In general .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and subject to paragraph (3), the Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to require each Secretary of a military department to establish a civilian employee at the housing office of each military installation under the respective jurisdiction of each such Secretary to be responsible for oversight of covered military unaccompanied housing at that military installation. Such civilian employee shall be an employee of— (A)  the Department of Defense; or 
 (B)  the military department concerned. 
 
 (2)  Supervisory chain .— Each civilian employee described in paragraph (1) and member of the Armed Forces described in paragraph (3) shall report to an appropriate supervisory civilian employee at the housing office for the applicable military installation. 
 (3)  Exception .— The requirement under the regulations issued pursuant to paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to military installations at which oversight of covered military unaccompanied housing is performed by a member of the Armed Forces with an occupational specialty that defines the primary duty of such member as a barracks manager or an equivalent occupation. 
 
 (b)  Limitation on Role by Members of the Armed Forces; Position Designation .— (1)  Limitation .— The Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments concerned may not allow an enlisted member of the Armed Forces or commissioned officer to, as a collateral duty, be designated as a barracks manager or supervisor overseeing, managing, accepting, or compiling maintenance records for any covered military unaccompanied housing at the applicable military installation. 
 (2)  Designation .— Except as provided in paragraph (3) of subsection (a), the functions of a barracks manager or supervisor described in paragraph (1) shall be completed by a civilian employee described in paragraph (1) of such subsection. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered military unaccompanied housing ” has the meaning given such term in  section 2856 of title 10, United States Code  (as amended by section 2831). 
 (2)  The term “ military installation ” has the meaning given such term in section 2801 of such title.