SEC. 2856.  AUTHORIZATION FOR THE SECRETARY OF THE NAVY TO RESOLVE THE ELECTRICAL UTILITY OPERATIONS AT FORMER NAVAL AIR STATION BARBERS POINT, HAWAII. (a)  Contracts. In General .— The Secretary of the Navy (in this section referred to as the “Secretary”) may enter into an agreement with the State of Hawaii or a third party for the purpose of resolving the electrical utility operations at Former Naval Air Station Barbers Point, Hawaii, also known as “Kalaeloa”. 
 (b)  Requirements. Elements of Agreement .— An agreement entered into under subsection (a) shall include a requirement that the Secretary— (1)  assist with— (A)  the transfer of customers of the Navy off of the electrical utility system of the Navy at the location specified in such subsection; and 
 (B)  the enhancement of the surrounding electrical utility system to accept any additional load from such transfer, with a priority for such systems that serve downtown Kalaeloa, Hawaii, and the Hawaii Army National Guard; 
 
 (2)  provide the instantaneous peak demand analysis and design necessary to conduct such transfer; 137 STAT. 767 
 (3)  provide rights of way and easements necessary to support the construction of replacement electrical infrastructure; and Analysis. 
 (4)  Assessment. Costs. be responsible for all environmental assessments and remediation, and costs related to the removal and disposal, of the electrical utility system of the Navy once it is no longer in use. 
 
 (c)  Limitation on Expenditure of Amounts .— The Secretary may expend not more than $48,000,000 during any fiscal year to provide support for an agreement entered into under subsection (a). 
 (d)  Deadline. Termination date. Notification .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 180 days thereafter until the date on which an agreement described in subsection (a) is entered into, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on progress made in developing and entering into an agreement described in subsection (a). 
 (e)  Repeal .— Section 2205 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2023 ( division B of Public Law 117–263 ;  136 Stat. 2977 ) is  repealed .