SEC. 227.  ESTABLISHMENT OR EXPANSION OF UNIVERSITY AFFILIATED RESEARCH CENTERS FOR CRITICAL MATERIALS. (a)  Feasibility and Advisability Assessment .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall— (1)  assess the feasibility and advisability of establishing a new University Affiliated Research Center (in this section referred to as a “UARC”) or expanding an existing UARC at a specified covered educational institution; and 
 (2)  Recommenda- tions. submit a recommendation regarding the feasibility and advisability of such establishment or expansion to the congressional defense committees. 
 
 (b)  Deadline. Determination .— Not later than 15 days after submitting the assessment required under subsection (a) the Secretary of  137 STAT. 197 
Defense shall determine whether it is feasible and advisable to establish or expand a UARC and— (1)  Plan. for a positive determination, submit to the congressional defense committees a plan described in subsection (c); and 
 (2)  Data. Analysis. for a negative determination, submit to the congressional defense committees a justification for such determination that includes the data and analysis to support such determination. 
 
 (c)  Assessment. Plan .— If the Secretary of Defense determines that establishing or expanding a UARC is feasible and advisable under subsection (b), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for such establishment or expansion, including an assessment of the institutional capacity of the covered educational institution at which such UARC is to be established or expanded. 
 (d)  Assessments. Elements .— The plan described in subsection (c) shall include the following: (1)  An assessment of the engineering, applied research, commercialization, or workforce development capabilities relating to critical materials for national security purposes of the United States of the covered educational institution at which the UARC will be established or expanded, including an assessment of the personnel and physical research infrastructure of such institution. 
 (2)  An assessment of the ability of such institution— (A)  to participate in engineering, applied research, commercialization, and workforce development activities relating to critical materials for national security purposes of the United States; 
 (B)  to effectively compete for engineering, applied research, commercialization, and workforce development contracts and grants relating to critical materials for national security purposes of the United States; and 
 (C)  to support the mission of the Under Secretary. 
 
 (3)  An assessment of the activities and investments necessary— (A)  to augment facilities or educational programming at such institution— (i)  to support the mission of the Under Secretary; 
 (ii)  to access, secure, and conduct research relating to sensitive or classified information; and 
 (iii)  to respond quickly to emerging engineering, applied research, commercialization, and workforce development needs relating to critical materials; 
 
 (B)  to increase the participation of such institutions in engineering, applied research, commercialization, and workforce development activities; and 
 (C)  to increase the ability of such institutions to effectively compete for engineering, applied research, commercialization, and workforce development contracts and grants. 
 
 (4)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations identifying actions that may be taken by the Secretary, the Under Secretary, Congress, such institutions, and other organizations to increase the participation of such institutions in engineering, applied research, commercialization, and workforce development activities, contracts, and grants relating to critical materials. 137 STAT. 198 
 (5)  Any specific goals, incentives, and metrics developed by the Secretary to increase and measure the capacity of such institutions to address the engineering, applied research, commercialization, and workforce development needs of the Department of Defense relating to critical materials. 
 
 (e)  Report Required .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1)  submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the plan developed under this subsection; and 
 (2)  Public information. Web posting. make the plan available on a publicly accessible website of the Department of Defense. 
 
 (f)  10 USC note prec. 4141. Support to Covered Educational Institutions .— (1)  Contracts. Grants. In general .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering may establish a program to award contracts, grants, or other agreements on a competitive basis to a covered educational institution, and to perform other appropriate activities, for the purposes described in paragraph (2). 
 (2)  Purposes .— The purposes described in this paragraph are the following: (A)  Developing the capability, including workforce and research infrastructure capabilities, for covered educational institutions to more effectively compete for Federal engineering, applied research, commercialization, and workforce development funding opportunities. 
 (B)  Improving the capability of covered educational institutions to— (i)  recruit and retain research faculty; 
 (ii)  participate in appropriate personnel exchange programs; and 
 (iii)  participate in appropriate educational and career development activities. 
 
 (C)  Determination. Any other purposes the Under Secretary determines appropriate for enhancing the engineering, applied research, commercialization, and development capabilities of covered educational institutions. 
 
 
 (g)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Covered educational institution .— The term “ covered educational institution ” means— (A)  a mining, metallurgical, geological, or mineral engineering program— (i)  accredited by a non-governmental organization that accredits post-secondary education programs in applied and natural science, engineering technology, and computing; and 
 (ii)  located at an institution of higher education; or 
 
 (B)  any other post-secondary educational institution with a geology or engineering program or department that has experience in mining research or work with the mining industry. 
 
 (2)  Critical materials .— The term “ critical materials ” means materials designated as strategic and critical under section 3(a) of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act ( 50 U.S.C. 98b(a) ). 
 (3)  Institution of higher education .— For purposes of paragraph (1), the term “ institution of higher education ” has  137 STAT. 199 
the meaning given in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1001 ).