SEC. 2865.  LAND CONVEYANCE, NAVAL WEAPONS STATION EARLE, NEW JERSEY. (a)  Conveyance Authorized .— The Secretary of the Navy may convey to Colts Neck Township, New Jersey (in this section referred to as the “Township”), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 3.13 acres and currently used by the Township for school bus parking. 
 (b)  Consideration .— (1)  Payment. Consideration required .— As consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a), the Township shall pay to the Secretary of the Navy an amount equal to not less than the fair market value of the property to be conveyed, as determined by the Secretary, which may consist of cash payment, in-kind consideration as described in paragraph (2), or a combination thereof. 
 (2)  In-kind consideration .— In-kind consideration provided by the Township under paragraph (1) may include— (A)  the acquisition, construction, provision, improvement, maintenance, repair, or restoration (including environmental restoration), or a combination thereof, of  137 STAT. 772 
any property, facilities, or infrastructure with proximity to Naval Weapons Station Earle, New Jersey; or 
 (B)  the delivery of services relating to the needs of Naval Weapons Station Earle that the Secretary considers acceptable. 
 
 (3)  Conveyance .— Cash payments received under subsection (b) as consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be deposited in the special account in the Treasury established under  section 572(b)(5) of title 40, United States Code . 
 
 (c)  Payment of Costs of Conveyance .— (1)  Reimbursement. Payment required .— The Secretary of the Navy shall require the Township to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the conveyance, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. Refund.  If amounts are collected from the Township in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Township. 
 (2)  Treatment of amounts received .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the land conveyance under subsection (a) or, if the period of availability of obligations for that appropriation has expired, to the appropriations of a fund that is currently available to the Secretary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. 
 
 (d)  Determination. Land survey. Description of Property .— The exact acreage and legal description of the parcel of real property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. 
 (e)  Additional Terms and Conditions .— The Secretary of the Navy may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States.