SEC. 222.  SUPPORT TO THE DEFENCE INNOVATION ACCELERATOR FOR THE NORTH ATLANTIC. (a)  Time periods. Authority .— Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, is authorized to make available not more than $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2024 through 2029 to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization for the joint fund established for the Defence Innovation Accelerator for the North  137 STAT. 190 
Atlantic (DIANA) initiative (referred to in this section as the “Initiative”) to sustain the participation of the United States in such initiative. 
 (b)  Notification .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 15 days after each instance in which the Secretary of Defense provides funds to the Initiative pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees written notice that such funds were provided. 
 (2)  Contents .— Each notification submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  The total amount of funding provided under subsection (a) together with a detailed breakdown showing the specific amounts and purposes for which such funds are intended to be used, if any. 
 (B)  The time period for which such funds are provided. 
 
 
 (c)  Strategy .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than July 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a strategy for participation by the United States in the Initiative. 
 (2)  Contents .— The strategy under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  A description of how the Initiative fits into the science, technology, and innovation activities of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and how the Initiative is synchronized with and expected to interact with other science, technology, and innovation activities of the Department of Defense. 
 (B)  The anticipated funding profile for the Initiative across the period covered by the most recent future-years defense program submitted to Congress under  section 221 of title 10, United States Code  (as of the date of the strategy). 
 (C)  Identification of key technology focus areas to be addressed each year under the Initiative across such period. 
 (D)  A description of any anticipated areas of expansion in the Initiative, including any anticipated expansion of the Initiative to or within key nodes or locations that have strategic value for national security and where there is also a significant presence of technology-oriented startup businesses. 
 (E)  A description of how the Initiative is expected to contribute to fostering the spread of innovation throughout the United States. 
 
 
 (d)  Time period. Annual Report .— Not later than September 1, 2024, and not later than February 1 of each year thereafter through 2030, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual report on— (1)  the activities of the Initiative that were supported by the Department of Defense under subsection (a) in the year preceding the date of the report; and 
 (2)  any key milestones or other objectives that were achieved under the initiative in such year. 137 STAT. 191 
 
 (e)  Appropriate Congressional Committees Defined .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate.