SEC. 2873.  10 USC 2821 note . PILOT PROGRAM TO PROVIDE AIR PURIFICATION TECHNOLOGY IN COVERED MILITARY HOUSING. (a)  In General .— The Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program to— (1)  provide commercially available off-the-shelf items (as defined in  section 104 of title 41, United States Code ) for air purification and covered sensors to landlords; and 
 (2)  monitor and measure the effect of such items on the environmental health and public health of tenants of covered military housing. 
 
 (b)  Selection of Installations .— (1)  In general .— The Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force shall each select one military installation under the jurisdiction of such Secretary to carry out any pilot program carried out under this section. 
 (2)  Considerations .— Each Secretary shall ensure that the military installation selected under this section contains military unaccompanied housing in which the items described in subsection (a) may be used. 
 
 (c)  Devices .— An air purification item or a covered sensor provided under this section shall use technology proven to reduce indoor air risks and yield measurable environmental health and public health outcomes. 
 (d)  Deadline. Briefing .— Not later than 365 days after the date on which a pilot program is commenced under this section, the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force shall each provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the pilot program established under this section, including a description of the items described in subsection (a) used under such program. The briefing shall include— (1)  a description of any cost savings identified from use of such items relating to— (A)  extending the durability and habitability of covered military housing; and 
 (B)  reducing maintenance frequency; and 
 
 (2)  with respect to cost savings identified in paragraph (1), a plan to expand the use of covered sensors and air purification items in newly constructed covered military housing. 
 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered sensor ” means a commercially available off-the-shelf item (as defined in section 104 of title 41,  137 STAT. 778 
United States Code) manufactured in the United States that detects the conditions for potential mold growth before mold is present. 
 (2)  The term “ covered military housing ” means— (A)  military unaccompanied housing; and 
 (B)  Government-owned units of military housing. 
 
 (3)  The term “ military unaccompanied housing ” has the meaning given in  section 2871 of title 10, United States Code .