SEC. 3522.  REPORTS ON AVAILABILITY OF USED SEALIFT VESSELS AND THE SCRAPPING AND RECYCLING OF IMPORTED VESSELS. (a)  Market analysis. Report on Availability of Used Sealift Vessels .— (1)  In general .— The Commander of the United States Transportation Command, in consultation with the Administrator of the Maritime Administration, shall conduct a market analysis to determine the availability of used sealift vessels that— (A)  meet military requirements; and 
 (B)  Time period. may be purchased using the authority provided under  section 2218 of title 10, United States Code , within the period of five years following the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 
 (2)  Report .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the United States Transportation Command shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the market analysis conducted under paragraph (1). 
 
 (b)  Study on the Scrapping and Recycling of Imported Vessels .— (1)  In general .— The Administrator of the Maritime Administration and the Deputy Under Secretary for International Affairs of the Department of Labor shall jointly conduct a study to review domestic United States ship scrapping capacity and capability. 
 (2)  Elements .— The study required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A)  Assessments. An assessment of— (i)  the capabilities of United States shipyards to recycle and dispose of domestic and foreign vessels and their component parts; 
 (ii)  the capacity of United States shipyards to complete ship recycling and disposal of domestic and foreign vessels and their component parts and related activities; and 
 (iii)  the infrastructure, regulatory, economic, or other barriers to domestic ship recycling and disposal of vessels of the United States (as defined in  section 116 of title 46, United States Code ) and foreign vessels and their component parts. 
 
 (B)  An identification of— (i)  the estimated number of vessels over 1,000 tons that were recycled or scrapped globally each year for the ten-year period preceding the date of the enactment of this Act; 
 (ii)  the country in which such vessels were scrapped or recycled; 
 (iii)  the component parts of a vessel that require additional processing after ship recycling; 
 (iv)  best practices and methods used globally, including in the United States, at the time of the  137 STAT. 823 
study, to recycle or dispose of the components described in clause (iii); and 
 (v)  for the 15 foreign countries with the highest global market share for ship recycling and disposal, and for any countries with documented labor exploitation or environmental concerns (as determined by the Administrator and the Deputy Under Secretary)— (I)  the practices used at the time of the study for ship recycling and disposal, including for the component parts described in clause (iii); and 
 (II)  to the extent such information is available, environmental and labor practices used in such recycling and disposal. 
 
 
 
 (3)  Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report containing the findings of the study required under paragraph (1). 
 (4)  Definitions of component parts .— In this subsection, the term “ component parts ” means an item or items on a ship that require additional processing after removal from the ship, such as cable insulation, rubber and felt gaskets, electronic equipment, caulking, or paint.