SEC. 352.  SEMIANNUAL BRIEFINGS ON OPERATIONAL STATUS OF AMPHIBIOUS WARSHIP FLEET. (a)  Deadline. Termination date. In General .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and on a semiannual basis thereafter until September 30, 2026, the Secretary of the Navy shall provide  137 STAT. 230 
to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the operational status of the amphibious warship fleet of the Department of the Navy. 
 (b)  Elements .— Each briefing under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to each amphibious warship within such fleet, the following information: (1)  The average quarterly operational availability of the amphibious warship. 
 (2)  The number of days the amphibious warship was underway during the period covered by the briefing as follows: (A)  Training for the purpose of supporting the requirements set forth in the training and readiness manual of the Marine Corps, including unit level well-deck training, flight-deck operations training, and Amphibious Ready Group and Marine Expeditionary Unit integrated training. 
 (B)  Deployed, which shall not include scheduled or unscheduled in-port maintenance. 
 
 (3)  Estimate. A baseline and current estimate of the completion date for in-work and scheduled and unscheduled maintenance for the amphibious warship. 
 (4)  Update. An update on any delays in the completion of scheduled or unscheduled maintenance, and on any casualty reports, of the amphibious warship affecting the following: (A)  Scheduled unit level well-deck or flight-deck operations training of the Marine Corps. 
 (B)  Requirements set forth in the training and readiness manual of the Marine Corps, including with respect to mobility, communications, amphibious well-deck operations, aviation operations, and warfare training. 
 (C)  The composition and deployment dates of Amphibious Ready Groups and Marine Expeditionary Units that are deployed or scheduled to be deployed. 
 
 (5)  Plan. A plan to schedule maintenance and repair for the amphibious warship in a manner that provides for the continuous operation of a total of three Amphibious Ready Groups and Marine Expeditionary Units as soon as practicable. 
 
 (c)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ amphibious warship ” means a ship that is classified as an amphibious assault ship (general purpose), an amphibious assault ship (multi-purpose), an amphibious transport dock, or a dock landing ship and is included within the battle force inventory of the Department of the Navy in accordance with the instruction from the Secretary of the Navy published on June 28, 2022, titled “General Guidance for the Classification of Naval Vessels and Battle Force Ship Counting Procedures” (SECNAVINST 5030.8), or any successor instruction. 
 (2)  The terms “Amphibious Ready Group” and “Marine Expeditionary Unit” mean a group or unit, as the case may be, that consists of a minimum of three amphibious warships, comprised of at least— (A)  one amphibious assault ship (general purpose) or amphibious assault ship (multi-purpose); and 
 (B)  one amphibious transport dock. 137 STAT. 231