SEC. 3537.  46 USC 50114 note . ACCOUNTABILITY FOR NATIONAL MARITIME STRATEGY. (a)  Biannual Briefing .— (1)  Requirement .— Not less than twice annually, the Administrator of the Maritime Administration, in consultation with the National Security Council, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Transportation, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees briefings on the status of establishing the type of national maritime strategy required under  section 50114 of title 46, United States Code . The Chief of Naval Operations, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, and the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall participate in each briefing required under this paragraph. 
 (2)  Use .— The Administrator shall use the briefings required under paragraph (1) to augment and influence the national maritime strategy discussion with national security focused stakeholders across the administration, until an updated strategy is published and endorsed by the President of the United States. 
 
 (b)  Analyses. Elements .— As the national maritime strategy relates to national security, each briefing under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for a whole-of-Government approach to orchestrating national instruments of power to shape all elements of the maritime enterprise of the United States, domestic and international, on the high seas or domestic waterways. 
 (2)  Assessment. An assessment of great power competition in the maritime domain, to include opportunities for increased cooperation with allied and partner global maritime industry leaders to improve national shipbuilding and shipping, while promoting the international rules-based maritime order. 137 STAT. 836 
 (3)  An analysis of existing shipyards to build and capitalize on the virtuous cycle between commercial and military shipbuilding and repair, including areas of improvement. 
 (4)  An analysis of opportunities for private or public financing to increase the capacity, efficiency, and effectiveness of United States shipyards, including infrastructure, labor force, technology, and global competitiveness. 
 (5)  An analysis of potential improvements to national or cooperative arrangements for sealift capacity and shipping, including for contested logistics. 
 
 (c)  Definition. Appropriate Congressional Committees .— In this section, the term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means— (1)  the congressional defense committees; 
 (2)  and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate.