SEC. 5001.  ADJUSTMENT OF THRESHOLD AMOUNT FOR MINOR MEDICAL FACILITY PROJECTS OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS.    Section 8104(a) of title 38, United States Code ,  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (3)(A), by  striking  “ $20,000,000 ” each place it appears and  inserting  “ the amount specified in paragraph (4) ”; and 
 (2)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(4) (A)  The amount specified in this paragraph is $30,000,000, as adjusted pursuant to this paragraph. 
 “(B) (i)  Time period. Determination. The Secretary may annually adjust the amount specified in this paragraph to reflect a percentage increase, if any, in construction costs during the prior calendar year, as determined by— “(I)  the relevant composite construction and lease cost indices pursuant to section 3307(h) of title 40, or any similar successor index developed by the Administrator of the General Services Administration; or 
 “(II)  the Producer Price Index for New Health Care Building Construction published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor, or any similar successor index developed by the Secretary of Labor. 
 
 “(ii)  If there is no percentage increase in construction costs determined as described in clause (i) for a calendar year, the Secretary may not adjust the amount specified in subparagraph (A) for that year. 
 
 “(C)  Notice. Federal Register, publication. If the Secretary adjusts the amount specified in this paragraph, the Secretary shall publish a notice of such adjustment in the Federal Register. 
 “(D)  Deadline. Notification. Not later than 30 days before adjusting the amount specified in this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 “(E)  Determination. Schedule. The Secretary shall determine a logical schedule for adjustments under this paragraph to take effect so that the amounts for and types of construction projects requested by the Department in the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31  137 STAT. 931 
are consistent with the threshold for construction projects as so adjusted.” 
 
 .