SEC. 572.  SKILLBRIDGE: STAFFING; BUDGETING; OUTREACH; REPORT. (a)  In General .— Section 1143(e) of title 10, United States Code   is amended — (1)  in paragraph (1)— (A)  by  inserting  “ (a) ” before “ The Secretary concerned ”; and 
 (B)  by  adding  at the end the following new subparagraph: “(B)  The Secretary of a military department shall carry out one or more programs under this subsection.” 
 ; 
 
 (2)  by  redesignating  paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and 
 (3)  by  inserting  after paragraph (2) the following new paragraphs: 137 STAT. 276 
 “(3)  To carry out this subsection, the Secretary concerned shall— “(A)  assign not fewer than two full-time equivalent positions; and 
 “(B)  Funding plans. develop for each fiscal year a funding plan that includes funding lines across the future-years defense program under section 221 of this title. 
 
 “(4)  For any program under this subsection, the Secretary concerned shall, on an annual basis— “(A)  circulate, to members serving on active duty under the jurisdiction of such Secretary concerned, information about the program (including eligibility requirements and the application process); and 
 “(B)  conduct outreach to inform potential employers about Skillbridge, participating members, and how the program operates, and to increase the number of, and types of, employers that hire program participants.” 
 
 . 
 
 (b)  GAO Report .— Not later than July 1, 2024, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report regarding Skillbridge. Such report shall include the following: (1)  The extent to which members of the Armed Forces have participated in the Skillbridge program, including the characteristics of such personnel and completed internships. 
 (2)  Processes. The process by which the Secretary of Defense determines that a member of the Armed Forces is eligible to participate in Skillbridge. 
 (3)  The extent to which the process described in paragraph (2) and guidance prescribed by the Secretary regarding Skillbridge incorporate relevant Federal ethics rules regarding internships. 
 (4)  Time periods. The number of members, disaggregated by rank, who participated in Skillbridge in each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. 
 (5)  The number of members described in paragraph (4) who received full-time offers of employment from the participating employer upon completion of an internship under Skillbridge. 
 (6)  Any other information the Comptroller General determines appropriate.