SEC. 548.  10 USC 503 note . COMMUNITY COLLEGE ENLISTED TRAINING CORPS DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM. (a)  Demonstration Program .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than August 1, 2025, the Secretary concerned shall establish within each military department an Enlisted Training Corps demonstration program for the purpose of introducing students to the military, and preparing selected students for enlisted service in the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps, or Space Force. 
 (2)  Location .— Demonstration programs established under this section shall be located at a community or junior college. No program may be established at a military college or military junior college as defined for purposes of  section 2107a of title 10, United States Code . 
 
 (b)  Eligibility for Membership .— To be eligible for membership in a program under this section, a person must be a student at an institution where a unit of the Enlisted Training Corps is located. 
 (c)  Instructors .— The Secretary concerned may assign as an instructor for a unit established under this section an individual eligible to serve as an instructor under section 2111 or  section 2031 of title 10, United States Code . Instructors who are not currently members on active duty shall be paid in a manner consistent with  section 2031 of title 10, United States Code . 
 (d)  Financial Assistance .— The Secretary of the military department concerned may provide financial assistance to persons enrolled in a unit of the Enlisted Training Corps in exchange for an agreement in writing that the person enlist in the active  137 STAT. 268 
component of the military department concerned upon graduation or disenrollment from the community college. Financial assistance provided under this subsection may include tuition, living expenses, stipend, or other payment. 
 (e)  Curriculum .— The Secretary concerned shall ensure that any programs created under this section include as part of the curriculum the following: (1)  An introduction to the benefits of military service. 
 (2)  Military history. 
 (3)  Military customs and courtesies. 
 (4)  Physical fitness requirements. 
 (5)  Instruction on ethical behavior and decision making. 
 
 (f)  Reporting Requirement .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter until the date specified by subsection (g), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the status of the demonstration program required by this section. 
 (g)  Sunset .— The requirements of this provision shall sunset on September 30, 2030.