SEC. 5405.  22 USC 10504 . IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS UNDER GLOBAL MAGNITSKY HUMAN RIGHTS ACCOUNTABILITY ACT. (a)  Evaluation. In General .— The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, should evaluate whether there are foreign persons engaged in significant corruption for the purposes of potential imposition of sanctions under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of  title XII of Public Law 114–328 ;  22 U.S.C. 10101 et seq. )— (1)  in all countries identified pursuant to section 5403(b); and 
 (2)  in relation to the planning or construction or any operation of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline. 
 
 (b)  Time period. Lists. Report Required .— Not later than 180 days after providing the list required by section 5403(b), and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— (1)  a list of foreign persons with respect to which the President imposed sanctions pursuant to the evaluation under subsection (a); 
 (2)  the dates on which such sanctions were imposed; 
 (3)  the reasons for imposing such sanctions; and 
 (4)  a list of all foreign persons that have engaged in significant corruption in relation to the planning, construction, or operation of the Nord Stream 2 pipeline. 
 
 (c)  Form of Report .— Each report required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Briefing in Lieu of Report .— The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, may, instead of submitting a written report required under subsection (b) (except with respect to the list required by subsection (b)(4)), provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing, together with a written justification, if doing so would better serve the national interests of the United States. 
 (e)  Termination of Requirements Relating to Nord Stream 2 .— The requirements under subsections (a)(2) and (b)(4) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act.