“§ 500.   10 USC 500 . Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Executive Committee “(a)  In General .— There is within the Department of Defense an Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Executive Committee (in this section referred to as the ‘Executive Committee’). 
 “(b)  Purposes .— The Executive Committee shall— “(1)  serve as the principal forum within the Department of Defense to inform, coordinate, and evaluate matters relating to electromagnetic warfare; 
 “(2)  provide senior oversight, coordination, and budget and capability harmonization with respect to such matters; and 
 “(3)  act as an advisory body to the Secretary of Defense, the Deputy Secretary of Defense, and the Management Action Group of the Deputy Secretary with respect to such matters. 137 STAT. 612 
 
 “(c)  Responsibilities .— The Executive Committee shall— “(1)  advise key senior level decision-making bodies of the Department of Defense with respect to the development and implementation of acquisition investments relating to electromagnetic warfare and electromagnetic spectrum operations of the Department, including relevant acquisition policies, projects, programs, modeling, and test and evaluation infrastructure; 
 “(2)  provide a forum to enable synchronization and integration support with respect to the development and acquisition of electromagnetic warfare capabilities by— “(A)  aligning the processes of the Department for requirements, research, development, acquisition, testing, and sustainment; and 
 “(B)  carrying out other related duties; and 
 
 “(3)  act as the senior level review forum for the portfolio of capability investments of the Department relating to electromagnetic warfare and electromagnetic spectrum operations and other related matters. 
 
 “(d)  Coordination With Intelligence Community .— The Executive Committee, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security, shall coordinate with the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 )) to generate requirements, facilitate collaboration, establish interfaces, and align efforts of the Department of Defense with respect to capabilities and acquisition activities related to electromagnetic spectrum operations in areas of dependency or mutual interest. 
 “(e)  Meetings .— (1)  The Executive Committee shall hold meetings not less frequently than quarterly and as necessary to address particular issues. 
 “(2)  The Executive Committee may hold meetings by video conference. 
 
 “(f)  Membership .— The Executive Committee shall be composed of the following principal members: “(1)  The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. 
 “(2)  The Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. 
 “(3)  The Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security. 
 “(4)  The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. 
 “(5)  The Commander of the United States Strategic Command. 
 “(6)  The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense. 
 “(7)  Such other Federal officers or employees as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate, consistent with other authorities of the Department of Defense and publications of the Joint Staff, including the Charter for the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee, dated March 17, 2015. 
 
 “(g)  Co-chairs of Executive Committee .— (1)  The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, or their designees, shall serve as co-chairs of the Executive Committee. 
 “(2)  The co-chairs of the Executive Committee shall— “(A)  preside at all Executive Committee meetings or have their designees preside at such meetings; 137 STAT. 613 
 “(B)  provide administrative control of the Executive Committee; 
 “(C)  jointly guide the activities and actions of the Executive Committee; 
 “(D)  approve all agendas for and summaries of meetings of the Executive Committee; 
 “(E)  charter tailored working groups to conduct mission area analysis, as required, under subsection (i); and 
 “(F)  perform such other duties as may be necessary to ensure the good order and functioning of the Executive Committee. 
 
 
 “(h)  Electromagnetic Spectrum Operations Capability Team .— (1)  There is within the Executive Committee an electromagnetic spectrum operations capability team, which shall— “(A)  serve as a flag officer level focus group and executive secretariat subordinate to the Executive Committee; and 
 “(B)  in that capacity— “(i)  provide initial senior level coordination on key electromagnetic spectrum operations issues; 
 “(ii)  prepare recommended courses of action to present to the Executive Committee; and 
 “(iii)  perform other related duties. 
 
 
 “(2)  The electromagnetic spectrum operations capability team shall be co-chaired by one representative from the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and one representative from the Force Structure, Resources, and Assessment Directorate of the Joint Staff (J–8). 
 “(3)  Designations. The principal members of the Executive Committee shall designate representatives from their respective staffs to the electromagnetic spectrum operations capability team. 
 
 “(i)  Establishment. Mission Area Working Groups .— (1)  The Executive Committee shall establish mission area working groups on a temporary basis— “(A)  to address specific issues and mission areas relating to electromagnetic spectrum operations; 
 “(B)  to involve subject matter experts and components of the Department of Defense with expertise in electromagnetic spectrum operations; and 
 “(C)  to perform other related duties. 
 
 “(2)  The Executive Committee shall dissolve a mission area working group established under paragraph (1) once the issue the working group was established to address is satisfactorily resolved. 
 
 “(j)  Administration .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall administratively support the Executive Committee, including by designating not fewer than two officials of the Department of Defense to support the day-to-day operations of the Executive Committee. 
 “(k)  Summary. Time period. Report to Congress .— Not later than February 28, 2024, and annually thereafter through 2030, the Executive Committee shall submit to the congressional defense committees a summary of activities of the Executive Committee during the preceding fiscal year.