SEC. 556.  ANNUAL REPORT ON ALLEGATIONS OF SEXUAL MISCONDUCT IN JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PROGRAMS.    Section 2031 of title 10, United States Code , as amended by sections 551 through 555, is further amended, by  adding  at the end the following new subsection: “(i) (1)  Time period. Not later than March 31, 2024, and annually thereafter through March 31, 2029, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on allegations of sexual misconduct, sexual harassment, and sex discrimination in Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs during the preceding year. 
 “(2)  Each report required under paragraph (1) shall set forth the following: “(A)  The number of reported allegations of violations under title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 ( 20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq. ) in school-affiliated Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs, including— “(i)  the number of such reported allegations that were investigated; 
 “(ii)  the outcome of those investigations; and 137 STAT. 273 
 “(iii)  the number of such reported allegations by State, the District of Columbia, or overseas location where these reports occurred. 
 
 “(B)  The number of reports that the Department of Defense or armed forces have received during the reporting period involving allegations of acts of violence, including sexual abuse or harassment, by instructors against students in Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs, including— “(i)  the offense involved; 
 “(ii)  the armed force involved; 
 “(iii)  the number of instructors and number of allegations each instructor received; 
 “(iv)  the number of reports of sexual misconduct and harassment that have been investigated; 
 “(v)  the number of reports or investigations that have led to the removal of an instructor from a Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program; and 
 “(vi)  the number of such reported allegations by State, the District of Columbia, or overseas location where these reports occurred. 
 
 “(C)  Any steps the Department of Defense has taken to mitigate sexual misconduct and harassment in Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs during the preceding year. 
 
 “(3)  Each report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form and may not be designated as controlled unclassified information. 
 “(4)  Compliance. The Secretary shall annually report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives regarding compliance with this subsection by the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs, including an up-to-date report on the Secretary’s monitoring of such compliance.” 
 
 .