SEC. 6604.  JOHN LEWIS CIVIL RIGHTS FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. (a)  In General .— The Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq. )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following: “SEC. 115.  22 USC 2465 . JOHN LEWIS CIVIL RIGHTS FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM. “(a)  Establishment .— There is established the John Lewis Civil Rights Fellowship Program (referred to in this section as the ‘Fellowship Program’) within the J. William Fulbright Educational Exchange Program. 
 “(b)  Purposes .— The purposes of the Fellowship Program are— “(1)  to honor the legacy of Representative John Lewis by promoting a greater understanding of the history and tenets of nonviolent civil rights movements; and 
 “(2)  to advance foreign policy priorities of the United States by promoting studies, research, and international exchange in the subject of nonviolent movements that established and protected civil rights around the world. 
 
 “(c)  Administration .— The Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs (referred to in this section as the ‘Bureau’) shall administer the Fellowship Program in accordance with policy guidelines established by the Board, in consultation with the binational Fulbright Commissions and United States Embassies. 
 “(d)  Selection of Fellows .— “(1)  In general .— The Board shall annually select qualified individuals to participate in the Fellowship  Determination. Program. The Bureau may determine the number of fellows selected each year, which, whenever feasible, shall be not fewer than 25. 
 “(2)  Outreach .— 137 STAT. 1012 
 “(A)  In general .— To the extent practicable, the Bureau shall conduct outreach at institutions, including— “(i)  minority serving institutions, including historically Black colleges and universities; and 
 “(ii)  other appropriate institutions that are likely to produce a range of qualified applicants, as determined by the Bureau. 
 
 “(B)  Definitions .— In this paragraph: “(i)  Historically black college and university .— The term ‘ historically Black college and university ’ has the meaning given the term ‘ part B institution ’ in section 322 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1061 ). 
 “(ii)  Minority serving institution .— The term ‘ minority-serving institution ’ means an eligible institution under section 371(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 ( 20 U.S.C. 1067q(a) ). 
 
 
 
 “(e)  Fellowship Orientation .— Annually, the Bureau shall organize and administer a fellowship orientation, which shall— “(1)  District of Columbia. be held in Washington, D.C., or at another location selected by the Bureau; and 
 “(2)  include programming to honor the legacy of Representative John Lewis. 
 
 “(f)  Structure .— “(1)  Work plan .— To carry out the purposes described in subsection (b)— “(A)  each fellow selected pursuant to subsection (d) shall arrange an internship or research placement— “(i)  with a nongovernmental organization, academic institution, or other organization approved by the Bureau; and 
 “(ii)  in a country with an operational Fulbright U.S. Student Program; and 
 
 “(B)  the Bureau shall, for each fellow, approve a work plan that identifies the target objectives for the fellow, including specific duties and responsibilities relating to those objectives. 
 
 “(2)  Conferences; presentations .— Each fellow shall— “(A)  attend a fellowship orientation organized and administered by the Bureau under subsection (e); 
 “(B)  Deadline. not later than the date that is 1 year after the end of the fellowship period, attend a fellowship summit organized and administered by the Bureau, which— “(i)  whenever feasible, shall be held in a location of importance to the civil rights movement in the United States; and 
 “(ii)  may coincide with other events facilitated by the Bureau; and 
 
 “(C)  at such summit, give a presentation on lessons learned during the period of the fellowship. 
 
 “(3)  Determination. Fellowship period .— Each fellowship under this section shall continue for a period determined by the Bureau, which, whenever feasible, shall be not fewer than 10 months. 
 
 “(g)  Fellowship Award .— The Bureau shall provide each fellow under this section with an allowance that is equal to the amount needed for— 137 STAT. 1013 “(1)  the reasonable costs of the fellow during the fellowship period; and 
 “(2)  travel and lodging expenses related to attending the orientation and summit required under subsection (e)(2). 
 
 “(h)  Annual Report .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the completion of the Fellowship Program by the initial cohort of fellows selected under subsection (d), and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the implementation of the Fellowship Program, including— “(1)  Time period. a description of the demographics of the cohort of fellows who completed a fellowship during the preceding 1-year period; 
 “(2)  a description of internship and research placements, and research projects selected by such cohort, under the Fellowship Program, including feedback from— “(A)  such cohort on implementation of the Fellowship Program; and 
 “(B)  the Secretary on lessons learned; 
 
 “(3)  Plan. a plan for factoring such lessons learned into future programming, and 
 “(4)  Analysis. an analysis of trends relating to the diversity of each cohort of fellows and the topics of projects completed since the establishment of the Fellowship Program.” 
 
 
 . 
 (b)  Technical and Conforming Amendments to the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 .— Section 112(a) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 (  22 U.S.C. 2460(a) )  is amended — (1)  in paragraph (8), by  striking  “ ; and ” and  inserting  a semicolon; 
 (2)  in paragraph (9), by  striking  the period and  inserting  “ ; and ”; and 
 (3)  by  adding  at the end the following new paragraph: “(10)  the John Lewis Civil Rights Fellowship Program established under section 115, which provides funding for international internships and research placements for early- to mid-career individuals from the United States to study nonviolent civil rights movements in self-arranged placements with universities or nongovernmental organizations in foreign countries.” 
 . 
 
 (c)  22 USC 2465 note . Sunset .— The authority to carry out the John Lewis Civil Rights Fellowship Program established under section 115 of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2451 et seq. ), as added by subsection (a), shall expire on the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of this division.