SEC. 6503.  22 USC 9901 note . DIRECTION TO EMBASSY DEAL TEAMS. (a)  Purposes .— The purposes of deal teams at United States embassies and consulates are— (1)  to promote a private sector-led approach— (A)  to advance economic growth and job creation that is tailored, as appropriate, to specific economic sectors; and 
 (B)  to advance strategic partnerships; 
 
 (2)  to prioritize efforts— 137 STAT. 1008 (A)  to identify commercial and investment opportunities; 
 (B)  to advocate for improvements in the business and investment climate; 
 (C)  to engage and consult with private sector partners; and 
 (D)  to report on the activities described in subparagraphs (A) through (C), in accordance with the applicable requirements under sections 706 and 707 of the Championing American Business Through Diplomacy Act of 2019 ( 22 U.S.C. 9902  and 9903); 
 
 (3) (A) (i)  to identify trade and investment opportunities for United States companies in foreign markets; or 
 (ii)  to assist with existing trade and investment opportunities already identified by United States companies; and 
 
 (B)  to deploy United States Government economic and other tools to help such United States companies to secure their objectives; 
 
 (4)  to identify and facilitate opportunities for entities in a host country to increase exports to, or investment in, the United States in order to grow two-way trade and investment; 
 (5)  to modernize, streamline, and improve access to resources and services designed to promote increased trade and investment opportunities; 
 (6)  to identify and secure United States or allied government support of strategic projects, such as ports, railways, energy production and distribution, critical minerals development, telecommunications networks, and other critical infrastructure projects vulnerable to predatory investment by an authoritarian country or entity in such country where support or investment serves an important United States interest; 
 (7)  to coordinate across the Unites States Government to ensure the appropriate and most effective use of United States Government tools to support United States economic, commercial, and investment objectives; and 
 (8)  to coordinate with the multi-agency DC Central Deal Team, established in February 2020, on the matters described in paragraphs (1) through (7) and other relevant matters. 
 
 (b)  Clarification .— A deal team may be composed of the personnel comprising the mission economic team formed pursuant to section 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980. 
 (c)  Determination. Restrictions .— A deal team may not provide support for, or assist a United States person with a transaction involving, a government, or an entity owned or controlled by a government, if the Secretary determines that such government— (1)  has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism, as described in— (A)  section 1754(c)(1)(A)(i) of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018 (subtitle B of  title XVII of Public Law 115–232 ); 
 (B)  section 620A(a) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2371(a) ); 
 (C)  section 40(d) of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2780(d) ); or 
 (D)  any other relevant provision of law; or 137 STAT. 1009 
 
 (2)  has engaged in an activity that would trigger a restriction under section 116(a) or 502B(a)(2) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2151n(a)  and 2304(a)(2)) or any other relevant provision of law. 
 
 (d)  Further Restrictions .— (1)  Prohibition on support of sanctioned persons .— Deal teams may not carry out activities prohibited under United States sanctions laws or regulations, including dealings with persons on the list of specially designated persons and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury, except to the extent otherwise authorized by the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary. 
 (2)  Prohibition on support of activities subject to sanctions .— Any  Compliance. person receiving support from a deal team must be in compliance with all United States sanctions laws and regulations as a condition for receiving such assistance. 
 
 (e)  Chief of Mission Authority and Accountability .— The chief of mission to a foreign country— (1)  is the designated leader of a deal team in such country; and 
 (2)  shall be held accountable for the performance and effectiveness of United States deal teams in such country. 
 
 (f)  Guidance Cable .— The Department shall send out regular guidance on Deal Team efforts by an All Diplomatic and Consular Posts (referred to in this section as “ALDAC”) that— (1)  describes the role of deal teams; and 
 (2)  includes relevant and up-to-date information to enhance the effectiveness of deal teams in a country. 
 
 (g)  Confidentiality of Information .— (1)  In general .— In preparing the cable required under subsection (f), the Secretary shall protect from disclosure any proprietary information of a United States person marked as business confidential information unless the person submitting such information— (A)  had notice, at the time of submission, that such information would be released by; or 
 (B)  subsequently consents to the release of such information. 
 
 (2)  Treatment as trade secrets .— Proprietary information obtained by the United States Government from a United States person pursuant to the activities of deal teams shall be— (A)  considered to be trade secrets and commercial or financial information (as such terms are used under  section 552b(c)(4) of title 5, United States Code ); and 
 (B)  Exemption. exempt from disclosure without the express approval of the person. 
 
 
 (h)  Sunset .— The requirements under subsections (f) through (h) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this division.