SEC. 6307.  ESTABLISHMENT OF A CYBERSPACE, DIGITAL CONNECTIVITY, AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES (CDT) FUND.   Part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 ( 22 U.S.C. 2301 et seq. )  is amended  by  adding  at the end the following new chapter: “CHAPTER 10— CYBERSPACE, DIGITAL CONNECTIVITY, AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES (CDT) FUND “SEC. 591.  22 USC 2349cc . FINDINGS.   “Congress makes the following findings: “(1)  Increasingly digitized and interconnected social, political, and economic systems have introduced new vulnerabilities for malicious actors to exploit, which threatens economic and national security. 
 “(2)  The rapid development, deployment, and integration of information and communication technologies into all aspects of modern life bring mounting risks of accidents and malicious activity involving such technologies, and their potential consequences. 
 “(3)  Because information and communication technologies are globally manufactured, traded, and networked, the economic and national security of the United State depends greatly on cybersecurity practices of other actors, including other countries. 
 “(4)  United States assistance to countries and international organizations to bolster civilian capacity to address national cybersecurity and deterrence in cyberspace can help— “(A)  reduce vulnerability in the information and communication technologies ecosystem; and 
 “(B)  advance national and economic security objectives. 
 
 
 “SEC. 592.  22 USC 2349cc–1. AUTHORIZATION OF ASSISTANCE AND FUNDING FOR CYBERSPACE, DIGITAL CONNECTIVITY, AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES (CDT) CAPACITY BUILDING ACTIVITIES. “(a)  Determination. Authorization .— The Secretary of State is authorized to provide assistance to foreign governments and organizations, including national, regional, and international institutions, on such terms and conditions as the Secretary may determine, in order to— “(1)  advance a secure and stable cyberspace; 
 “(2)  protect and expand trusted digital ecosystems and connectivity; 
 “(3)  build the cybersecurity capacity of partner countries and organizations; and 
 “(4)  ensure that the development of standards and the deployment and use of technology supports and reinforces human rights and democratic values, including through the Digital Connectivity and Cybersecurity Partnership. 137 STAT. 991 
 
 “(b)  Scope of Uses .— Assistance under this section may include programs to— “(1)  advance the adoption and deployment of secure and trustworthy information and communications technology (ICT) infrastructure and services, including efforts to grow global markets for secure ICT goods and services and promote a more diverse and resilient ICT supply chain; 
 “(2)  provide technical and capacity building assistance to— “(A)  promote policy and regulatory frameworks that create an enabling environment for digital connectivity and a vibrant digital economy; 
 “(B)  ensure technologies, including related new and emerging technologies, are developed, deployed, and used in ways that support and reinforce democratic values and human rights; 
 “(C)  promote innovation and competition; and 
 “(D)  support digital governance with the development of rights-respecting international norms and standards; 
 
 “(3)  help countries prepare for, defend against, and respond to malicious cyber activities, including through— “(A)  the adoption of cybersecurity best practices; 
 “(B)  the development of national strategies to enhance cybersecurity; 
 “(C)  the deployment of cybersecurity tools and services to increase the security, strength, and resilience of networks and infrastructure; 
 “(D)  support for the development of cybersecurity watch, warning, response, and recovery capabilities, including through the development of cybersecurity incident response teams; 
 “(E)  support for collaboration with the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) and other relevant Federal agencies to enhance cybersecurity; 
 “(F)  programs to strengthen allied and partner governments’ capacity to detect, investigate, deter, and prosecute cybercrimes; 
 “(G)  programs to provide information and resources to diplomats engaging in discussions and negotiations around international law and capacity building measures related to cybersecurity; 
 “(H)  capacity building for cybersecurity partners, including law enforcement and military entities as described in subsection (f); 
 “(I)  programs that enhance the ability of relevant stakeholders to act collectively against shared cybersecurity threats; 
 “(J)  the advancement of programs in support of the Framework of Responsible State Behavior in Cyberspace; and 
 “(K)  the fortification of deterrence instruments in cyberspace; and 
 
 “(4)  such other purpose and functions as the Secretary of State may designate. 
 
 “(c)  Responsibility for Policy Decisions and Justification .— The Secretary of State shall be responsible for policy decisions regarding programs under this chapter, with respect to— 137 STAT. 992 
 “(1)  whether there will be cybersecurity and digital capacity building programs for a foreign country or entity operating in that country; 
 “(2)  the amount of funds for each foreign country or entity; and 
 “(3)  the scope and nature of such uses of funding. 
 
 “(d)  Detailed Justification for Uses and Purposes of Funds .— The Secretary of State shall provide, on an annual basis, a detailed justification for the uses and purposes of the amounts provided under this chapter, including information concerning— “(1)  the amounts and kinds of grants; 
 “(2)  the amounts and kinds of budgetary support provided, if any; and 
 “(3)  the amounts and kinds of project assistance provided for what purpose and with such amounts. 
 
 “(e)  Assistance and Funding Under Other Authorities .— The authority granted under this section to provide assistance or funding for countries and organizations does not preclude the use of funds provided to carry out other authorities also available for such purpose. 
 “(f)  Availability of Funds .— Amounts appropriated to carry out this chapter may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to strengthen civilian cybersecurity and information and communications technology capacity, including participation of foreign law enforcement and military personnel in non-military activities, and for contributions to international organizations and international financial institutions of which the United States is a member, provided that such support is essential to enabling civilian and law enforcement of cybersecurity and information and communication technology related activities in their respective countries. 
 “(g)  Notification Requirements .— Funds made available under this section shall be obligated in accordance with the procedures applicable to reprogramming notifications pursuant to section 634A of this Act. 
 
 “SEC. 593.  22 USC 2349cc–2. REVIEW OF EMERGENCY ASSISTANCE CAPACITY. “(a)  In General .— The Secretary of State, in consultation as appropriate with other relevant Federal departments and agencies is authorized to conduct a review that— “(1)  Analysis. analyzes the United States Government’s capacity to promptly and effectively deliver emergency support to countries experiencing major cybersecurity and ICT incidents; 
 “(2)  identifies relevant factors constraining the support referred to in paragraph (1); and 
 “(3)  Strategy. develops a strategy to improve coordination among relevant Federal agencies and to resolve such constraints. 
 
 “(b)  Report .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this chapter, the Secretary of State shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Oversight and Accountability of the House of Representatives a report that contains the results of the review conducted pursuant to subsection (a). 137 STAT. 993 
 
 “SEC. 594.  Time period. 22 USC 2349cc–3. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS.   “There is authorized to be appropriated $150,000,000 during the 5-year period beginning on October 1, 2023, to carry out the purposes of this chapter.” 
 
 .