SEC. 7321.  DEVELOPMENT OF PLAN TO MAKE OPEN-SOURCE INTELLIGENCE PRODUCTS AVAILABLE TO CERTAIN FEDERAL EMPLOYEES. (a)  Deadline. Plan Requirement .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with such heads of the elements of the intelligence community as the Director considers appropriate, shall develop and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a plan to make available to covered individuals any covered open-source intelligence product. 
 (b)  Elements . Procedures. — The plan required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Policies and procedures to make available to covered individuals any covered open-source intelligence product in a manner consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods. 
 (2)  Policies and procedures to increase the availability and accessibility to covered individuals of publicly available foreign language material that is translated by or within the intelligence community. 
 (3)  Policies and procedures to ensure that the head of each element of the intelligence community that produces any covered open-source intelligence product complies with all policies and procedures issued to implement the plan submitted under subsection (a). 
 (4)  Policies and procedures to ensure that any covered open-source intelligence product that is made available to covered individuals satisfies the requirements under any policy, procedure, or standard issued by the head of an element of the intelligence community relating to the production and dissemination of intelligence products. 
 (5)  Any obstacles to making available to covered individuals unclassified products derived from open-source intelligence produced by the intelligence community, including translated foreign language material described in paragraph (2). 
 (6)  With respect to implementation of the plan, a discussion of the estimated timeline, any additional funding or other resources, and any new authorities that would be required for such implementation. 
 (7)  A discussion of the feasibility and advisability of making unclassified products derived from open-source intelligence produced by the intelligence community available to State and local government officials who would derive value from such unclassified products. 137 STAT. 1038 
 (8)  Policies and procedures relating to the dissemination of United States person information contained in covered open-source intelligence products. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The plan required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 (d)  Intelligence Community Directive With Respect to Open-source Intelligence . Deadline. Update. 50 USC 3367 note . — Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall update Intelligence Community Directive 208, Maximizing the Utility of Analytic Products (or any successor directive) to specifically address— (1)  the production and dissemination of unclassified intelligence products derived entirely from open-source intelligence, including from unclassified publicly available information, unclassified commercially available information, or any other type of unclassified information; and 
 (2)  the needs and requirements of covered individuals who do not hold a security clearance or have access to the classified systems on which such unclassified intelligence products reside. 
 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Covered individual .— The term “ covered individual ” means an employee of the Federal Government— (A)  who is not an employee or contractor of an element of the intelligence community; and 
 (B)  who would derive value from a covered open-source intelligence product. 
 
 (3)  Covered open-source intelligence product .— The term “ covered open-source intelligence product ” means an unclassified product derived from open-source intelligence that is produced by the intelligence community.