SEC. 7301.  Deadlines. PLAN TO RECRUIT, TRAIN, AND RETAIN PERSONNEL WITH EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL INTELLIGENCE AND EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES. (a)  In General .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the heads of human capital of the Central Intelligence Agency, the National Security Agency, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a plan for the intelligence community to recruit, train, and retain personnel who have skills and experience in financial intelligence and emerging technologies in order to improve analytic tradecraft. 
 (b)  Elements .— The plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  Assessment. An assessment, including measurable benchmarks of progress, of current initiatives of the intelligence community to recruit, train, and retain personnel who have skills and experience in financial intelligence and emerging technologies. 
 (2)  Assessment. An assessment of whether personnel in the intelligence community who have such skills are currently well integrated into the analytical cadre of the relevant elements of the intelligence community that produce analyses with respect to financial intelligence and emerging technologies. 
 (3)  An identification of challenges to hiring or compensation in the intelligence community that limit progress toward rapidly increasing the number of personnel with such skills, and an  137 STAT. 1025 
identification of hiring or other reforms to resolve such challenges. 
 (4)  Determination. A determination of whether the National Intelligence University has the resources and expertise necessary to train existing personnel in financial intelligence and emerging technologies. 
 (5)  Strategy. A strategy, including measurable benchmarks of progress, to, by January 1, 2025, increase the analytical cadre of personnel with expertise and previous employment in financial intelligence and emerging technologies.