SEC. 7407.  INDEPENDENT STUDY ON ECONOMIC IMPACT OF MILITARY INVASION OF TAIWAN BY PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. (a)  Deadline. Contracts. Requirement .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall seek to enter into a contract with an eligible entity to conduct a comprehensive study on the global economic impact of a military invasion of Taiwan by the People’s Republic of China or certain other aggressive or coercive actions taken by the People’s Republic of China with respect to Taiwan. 
 (b)  Assessments. Matters Included .— The study required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  An assessment of the economic impact globally, in the United States, and in the People’s Republic of China that would result from an invasion of Taiwan by the People’s Republic of China under various potential invasion and response scenarios, including with respect to the impact on— (A)  supply chains; 
 (B)  trade flows; 
 (C)  financial markets; 
 (D)  sovereign debt; and 
 (E)  gross domestic product, unemployment, and other key economic indicators. 
 
 (2)  An assessment of the economic impact globally, in the United States, and in the People’s Republic of China that would result from of an aggressive or coercive military, economic, or other action taken by the People’s Republic of China with respect to Taiwan that falls short of an invasion, including as a result of a blockade of Taiwan. 
 (3)  The development of economic policy options, to include sanctions and supply chain restrictions, designed to cause escalating impacts on the economy of the People’s Republic of China during a preconflict phase. 
 
 (c)  Report .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the eligible entity that the Director of National Intelligence enters into an agreement with under subsection (a) shall submit to the Director a report containing the results of the study conducted under such subsection. 
 (2)  Submission to congress .— Not later than 30 days after the date the Director receives the report under paragraph (1), the Director shall submit the report to— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 137 STAT. 1075 
 (B)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (3)  Form of report .— The report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (d)  Eligible Entity Defined .— In this section, the term “ eligible entity ” means a federally funded research and development center or nongovernmental entity which has— (1)  a primary focus on studies and analysis; 
 (2)  experience and expertise relevant to the study required under subsection (a); and 
 (3)  a sufficient number of personnel with the appropriate security clearance to conduct such study.