SEC. 7335.  Mexico. Drugs and drug abuse. Law enforcement and crime. CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY INTELLIGENCE ASSESSMENT OF SINALOA CARTEL AND JALISCO CARTEL. (a)  Deadline. Assessment .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, in consultation with the heads of the other elements of the intelligence community that the Director determines appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an intelligence assessment on the transnational criminal organizations known as the Sinaloa Cartel and the Jalisco Cartel. 
 (b)  Elements .— The intelligence assessment under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to each transnational criminal organization specified in such subsection, a description of the following: (1)  The key leaders, organizational structure, subgroups, presence in the states within Mexico, and cross-border illicit drug smuggling routes of the transnational criminal organization. 
 (2)  The practices used by the transnational criminal organization to import the chemicals used to make synthetic drugs, to produce such drugs, and to smuggle such drugs across the border into the United States. 
 (3)  The main suppliers and the main brokers that supply the transnational criminal organization with precursor chemicals and equipment used in the production of synthetic drugs. 
 (4)  The manner in which the transnational criminal organization is tailoring the fentanyl products of such organization to attract a wider variety of United States consumers, including unwitting users. 
 (5)  The degree to which the transnational criminal organization is using human and technical operations to undermine counternarcotics efforts by United States and Mexican security services. 
 (6)  An estimate of the annual revenue received by the transnational criminal organization from the sale of illicit drugs, disaggregated by drug type. 
 (7)  Any other information the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency determines relevant. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The intelligence assessment under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form. 
 (d)  Definition of Appropriate Committees of Congress .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.