SEC. 723.  10 USC 1074 note . PROGRAM OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO STUDY TREATMENT OF CERTAIN CONDITIONS USING CERTAIN PSYCHEDELIC SUBSTANCES. (a)  Deadlines. Processes. Establishment .— Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish a process to fund eligible entities to conduct research on the treatment of eligible members of the Armed Forces with a covered condition using covered psychedelic substances. Not Designation.  later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall designate a lead administrator to carry out the program under this section. 
 (b)  Contracts. Eligible Entities .— The Secretary may enter into a partnership and award funding under this section to any of the following: (1)  A department or agency of the Federal Government or a State government. 
 (2)  An academic institution. 
 
 (c)  Participation in Clinical Trials .— The Secretary may authorize any member of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who is diagnosed with a covered condition to participate in a clinical trial that is conducted using funding awarded under this section and is authorized pursuant to section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act ( 21 U.S.C. 355 ), without regard to— (1)  whether the clinical trial involves a substance included in the schedule under section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act ( 21 U.S.C. 812 ); or 
 (2)  section 912a of title 10, United States Code  (article 112a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
 
 (d)  Time period. Report Required .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for three years, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on funding awarded under this section, including the following: (1)  Identification of clinics designated to host activities under the program. 
 (2)  A description of entities to whom the Secretary has awarded such funding. 
 (3)  The number of members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who participated in a clinical trial described  137 STAT. 307 
in subsection (c), the covered conditions of such members treated, and whether such members returned to full duty. 
 (4)  Information on the findings of such clinical trials. 
 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  The term “ covered condition ” means any of the following: (A)  Post-traumatic stress. 
 (B)  Traumatic brain injury. 
 
 (2)  The term “ covered psychedelic substances ” means any of the following: (A)  3,4-Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine (commonly known as “MDMA”). 
 (B)  Psilocybin. 
 (C)  Ibogaine. 
 (D)  5-Methoxy-N,N-dimethyltryptamine (commonly known as “5-MeO-DMT”). 
 (E)  Qualified plant-based alternative therapies. 
 
 (3)  The term “ Secretary ” means the Secretary of Defense. 
 (4)  The term “ State ” has the meaning given such term in  section 901 of title 32, United States Code .