SEC. 7412.  INTELLIGENCE ASSESSMENTS REGARDING HAITI. (a)  Intelligence Community Assessment .—  The Director of National Intelligence, acting through the National Intelligence Council, shall produce an intelligence community assessment regarding Haiti. Such assessment shall include each of the following: (1)  An analysis of the security, political, and economic situation in Haiti, and its effect on— (A)  the people of Haiti; Analysis. 
 (B)  other countries in the Caribbean region; and 
 (C)  the United States, including Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, as a result of increased out-migration from Haiti to the United States, the increased use of Haiti as a transshipment point for illicit drugs destined for the United States, or any other relevant factor or trend. 
 
 (2)  A description of opportunities available to improve or stabilize the security, political, and economic situation in Haiti. 
 (3)  An identification of specific events or actions in Haiti that, were they to occur individually or in combination, would serve as signposts indicating the further deterioration or collapse of the security, political, and economic situation in Haiti. 
 
 (b)  Review. Analysis. Intelligence Assessment .— The Director of National Intelligence shall produce an intelligence assessment based on a review of the intelligence products pertaining to Haiti that were written by elements of the intelligence community and provided to policymakers during the period of time beginning on January 1, 2021, and ending on July 7, 2021. Such assessment shall include each of the following: (1)  An analysis of whether, during the time period covered by the assessment, the intelligence community provided policymakers with adequate indications and warning of the assassination of Haitian President Jovenal Moise on July 7, 2021. 
 (2)  An analysis of whether, during such time period, the intelligence community provided policymakers with useful and unique insights, derived from both covertly collected and open-source intelligence, that policymakers would not otherwise have been able to obtain from sources outside of the intelligence community. 
 (3)  Recommenda- tions. Based on the analyses conducted under paragraphs (1) and (2), any recommendations to improve indications and warning or to otherwise enhance the utility for policymakers of intelligence products that the intelligence community prepares on Haiti, specifically, or on other countries characterized by chronic insecurity, instability, and poverty. 
 
 (c)  Submission to Congress .— (1)  Deadline. In general .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall concurrently submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the intelligence community assessment produced under subsection (a) and the intelligence assessment produced under subsection (b). 
 (2)  Classified information. Form .—  The assessments submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in classified form. 
 (3)  Definition of appropriate committees of congress .— In this subsection, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 137 STAT. 1078 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.