SEC. 7326.  REPORTS ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES CAUSED BY CERTAIN OPERATIONS OF FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS. (a)  Annual Reports .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 2 years, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, the Foreign Relations Committee of the Senate and the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Representatives, a report on civilian casualties caused by covered operations. 
 (b)  Elements .— Each report under subsection (a) shall include, for the year covered by the report, each of the following: (1)  List. A list identifying each covered operation during that year that has resulted in civilian casualties that the Director of National Intelligence has confirmed. 
 (2)  An identification of the total number of civilian casualties resulting from covered operations during that year that the Director of National Intelligence has confirmed. 
 (3)  For each covered operation identified in the list under paragraph (1), an identification of the following: (A)  The date on which, and the location where, the covered operation occurred. 
 (B)  The element of the foreign government that conducted the covered operation. 
 (C)  The individual or entity against which the covered operation was directed. 
 (D)  Any other circumstances or facts that the Director of National Intelligence determines relevant. 
 
 
 (c)  Classified information. Summary. Form .— Each report required under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form, but if so submitted shall include an unclassified executive summary. 
 (d)  Covered Operation Defined .— In this section, the term “ covered operation ” means an operation— (1)  conducted by a foreign government; 
 (2)  involving the use of force; and 
 (3)  in which intelligence shared by an element of the intelligence community plays a significant role.