SEC. 7338.  Israel ASSESSMENT BY DIRECTOR OF CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY ON CERTAIN EFFECTS OF ABRAHAM ACCORDS. (a)  Assessment . Determination. — Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, in consultation with the heads of the other elements of the intelligence community that the Director determines appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an assessment of the current effects on the intelligence community of the agreements between Israel and 4 other foreign countries, collectively known as the Abraham Accords, and of the potential effects on the intelligence community if the Abraham Accords were to be expanded to additional foreign countries. 
 (b)  Foreign countries. Elements .— The assessment under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the agreements referred to in such subsection, the following: (1)  A description of whether, and in what respects, the agreement between Israel and Bahrain has resulted in the intelligence community obtaining new and valuable insights regarding national intelligence priorities. 
 (2)  A description of whether, and in what respects, the agreement between Israel and Morocco has resulted in the intelligence community obtaining new and valuable insights regarding national intelligence priorities. 
 (3)  A description of whether, and in what respects, the agreement between Israel and the United Arab Emirates has resulted in the intelligence community obtaining new and valuable insights regarding national intelligence priorities. 
 (4)  A description of whether, and in what respects, the agreement between Israel and Sudan has resulted in the intelligence community obtaining new and valuable insights regarding national intelligence priorities. 
 (5)  An assessment of whether, and in what respects, additional agreements between Israel and other foreign countries to normalize or otherwise enhance relations would result in the intelligence community obtaining new and valuable insights regarding national intelligence priorities. 
 
 (c)  Classified information. Form .— The assessment under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form. 
 (d)  Definition of Appropriate Committees of Congress .— In this section, the term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (1)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (2)  the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (3)  the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.