SEC. 726.  GAO STUDY ON HEALTH CARE AVAILABLE TO CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS SUPPORTING THE MISSIONS OF UNITED STATES FORCES JAPAN AND JOINT REGION MARIANAS. (a)  Study Required .— The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to determine whether health care services available to covered individuals are sufficient to support the missions and readiness of United States Forces Japan and Joint Region Marianas. 
 (b)  Elements .— The study under this section shall include the following elements: (1)  Assessment. The assessment of the Comptroller General of the effects of the changes to the administration and management of the military health system— (A)  under Defense Health Agency Region Indo-Pacific Administrative Instruction 6025.02, signed on December 22, 2022; and 
 (B)  on health care services available to covered individuals through the direct care component of the TRICARE program. 
 
 (2)  Estimate. An estimate of— (A)  Time period. the number of covered individuals who in fiscal years 2020 through 2023 received health care services through the military health system on a space-available basis; and 
 (B)  the percentage of covered individuals described in subparagraph (A) who had health insurance not provided through the military health system. 137 STAT. 310 
 
 (3)  Summary. A summary of any health-related screenings administered by the Federal Government to a civilian employee before such civilian employee begins an assignment in the area of responsibility of the United States Indo-Pacific Command. 
 (4)  Determination. The determination of the Comptroller General whether the Secretary of Defense has conducted or participated in an assessment of health care services— (A)  provided to covered individuals through the military health system; or 
 (B)  otherwise available to covered individuals. 
 
 (5)  Evaluation. The evaluation of the Comptroller General of the most recent assessment described in paragraph (4). 
 (6)  Other information the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Briefing; Report .— The Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives— (1)  an interim briefing on the study not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and 
 (2)  a final report on the study in a format and on a date agreed to by the Comptroller General and such Committees during such briefing. 
 
 (d)  Covered Individual Defined .— In this section, the term “ covered individual ” means an individual who supports the mission of United States Forces Japan or Joint Region Marianas, who is— (1)  a United States citizen, national, or lawful permanent resident and— (A)  a civilian employee of the Federal Government; or 
 (B)  an employee of a contractor or subcontractor under an agreement between such contractor and the Secretary of Defense; or 
 
 (2)  a dependent of— (A)  a member of the Armed Forces; or 
 (B)  an individual described in paragraph (1).