SEC. 7803.  50 USC 3519b note . INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY IMPLEMENTATION OF HAVANA ACT OF 2021 AUTHORITIES. (a)  Deadline. Regulations .— Except as provided in subsection (c), not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each head of an element of the intelligence community that has not already done so shall— (1)  issue regulations and procedures to implement the authorities provided by section 19A(d) of the Central Intelligence Agency Act of 1949 ( 50 U.S.C. 3519b(d) ) and section 901(i) of title IX of division J of the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2020 ( 22 U.S.C. 2680b(i) ) to provide payments under such sections, to the degree that such authorities are applicable to the head of the element; and 
 (2)  Records. submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives copies of such regulations. 
 
 (b)  Reporting . Estimates. — Not later than 210 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each head of an element of the intelligence community shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on— (1)  the estimated number of individuals associated with their element that may be eligible for payment under the authorities described in subsection (a)(1); 
 (2)  an estimate of the obligation that the head of the intelligence community element expects to incur in fiscal year 2025 as a result of establishing the regulations pursuant to subsection (a)(1); and 
 (3)  any perceived barriers or concerns in implementing such authorities. 137 STAT. 1104 
 
 (c)  Alternative Reporting .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each head of an element of the intelligence community (other than the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency) who believes that the authorities described in subsection (a)(1) are not currently relevant for individuals associated with their element, or who are not otherwise in position to issue the regulations and procedures required by subsection (a)(1) shall provide written and detailed justification to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives to explain this position.