SEC. 7342.  DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY ASSESSMENT OF STRATEGIC COMPETITION IN LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN. (a)  Deadline. Assessment .— Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, in consultation with the heads of the other elements of the intelligence community that the Director determines appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an intelligence assessment on the level of intelligence and defense cooperation between covered countries and— (1)  China. the People’s Republic of China; and 
 (2)  Russia. the Russian Federation. 
 
 (b)  Elements .— The intelligence assessment under subsection (a) shall include a description of any security-related cooperation or engagement between covered countries and the People’s Republic of China or the Russian Federation in the following areas: (1)  Strategic dialogue. 
 (2)  Training or professional military education. 
 (3)  Defense agreements. 
 (4)  Intelligence sharing agreements. 
 (5)  Arms transfers. 
 (6)  Defense equipment transfers. 
 (7)  Military exercises. 
 (8)  Joint operations. 
 (9)  Permanent military presence. 
 (10)  Space cooperation. 
 (11)  Any other area the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency determines appropriate. 
 
 (c)  Form .— The assessment under subsection (a) may be provided in classified form. 
 (d)  Format .— To the extent practicable, the Director shall present the information contained in the assessment under subsection (a) in the format of a chart or other graphic. 
 (e)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (A)  The congressional intelligence committees. 
 (B)  The congressional defense committees, as such term is defined in  section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (C)  The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Covered country .— The term “ covered country ” means Mexico and each foreign country or territory in Central or South America or in the Caribbean.