SEC. 7336.  CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY INTELLIGENCE ASSESSMENT WITH RESPECT TO EFFORTS BY PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA TO INCREASE INFLUENCE IN MIDDLE EAST. (a)  Deadline. Assessment .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Central Intelligence  137 STAT. 1049 
Agency, in consultation with such heads of the other elements of the intelligence community that the Director of National Intelligence determines appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an intelligence assessment on efforts by the People’s Republic of China to increase its influence, through overt or covert means, with respect to the political, military, economic, or other policies or activities of governments of countries and territories in the Middle East in ways that are detrimental to the national security interests of the United States. 
 (b)  Elements .— The intelligence assessment required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1)  Summary. A summary of the key relationships that the People’s Republic of China has developed, or is seeking to develop, with countries and territories in the Middle East, and the national security objectives that the People’s Republic of China intends to advance through such established or emerging relationships. 
 (2)  A description of the relationship between the People’s Republic of China and Iran, including in the areas of security cooperation and intelligence sharing. 
 (3)  An identification of the countries and territories in the Middle East in which the People’s Republic of China has established, or is seeking to establish, a military or intelligence presence or military or intelligence partnerships. 
 (4)  An assessment of how the People’s Republic of China seeks to weaken the role, influence, and relationships of the United States with respect to countries and territories in the Middle East, including through the Global Security Initiative of the People’s Republic of China, including through commercial engagements and agreements with state-owned enterprises of the People’s Republic of China. 
 (5)  Analysis. Taiwan. An analysis of whether, and to what degree, efforts by the People’s Republic of China to increase its influence among countries and territories in the Middle East are designed to support the broader strategic interests of the People’s Republic of China, including with respect to Taiwan. 
 
 (c)  Classified information. Form .— The intelligence assessment required under subsection (a) may be submitted in classified form. 
 (d)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate congressional committees .— The term “ appropriate congressional committees ” means the following: (A)  The congressional intelligence committees. 
 (B)  The Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
 (C)  The Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on the Strategic Competition Between the United States and the Chinese Communist Party of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Countries and territories in the middle east .— The term “ countries and territories in the Middle East ” means— (A)  Algeria; 
 (B)  Bahrain; 
 (C)  Egypt; 
 (D)  Iran; 
 (E)  Iraq; 137 STAT. 1050 
 (F)  Israel; 
 (G)  Jordan; 
 (H)  Kuwait; 
 (I)  Lebanon; 
 (J)  Libya; 
 (K)  Morocco; 
 (L)  Oman; 
 (M)  the Palestinian territories; 
 (N)  Qatar; 
 (O)  Saudi Arabia; 
 (P)  Syria; 
 (Q)  Tunisia; 
 (R)  the United Arab Emirates; and 
 (S)  Yemen.