SEC. 7408.  REPORT BY DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE ON UYGHUR GENOCIDE. (a)  Report on Uyghur Genocide .— (1)  Submission .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in coordination with the relevant heads of the elements of the intelligence community, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the Uyghur genocide. 
 (2)  Matters .— The report under paragraph (1) shall address the following matters: (A)  Forced sterilization, forced birth control, and forced abortion of Uyghurs. 
 (B)  Forced transfer of Uyghur children from their families. 
 (C)  Forced labor of Uyghurs, inside and outside of Xinjiang. 
 (D)  The work conditions of Uyghur laborers (including laborers in the textile, automobile and electric vehicle, solar panel, polyvinyl chloride, and rare earth metals sectors), including an identification of any company that is— (i)  organized under the laws of the People’s Republic of China or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of (or over which control is exercised or exercisable by) the Government of the People’s Republic of China; and 
 (ii)  employing forced Uyghur laborers from Xinjiang. 
 
 (E)  Any other forms of physical or psychological torture against Uyghurs. 
 (F)  Any other actions that infringe on the rights of Uyghurs to live freely in accordance with their customs, culture, and religious practices. 
 (G)  The methods of surveillance of Uyghurs, including surveillance via technology, law enforcement notifications, and forcing Uyghurs to live with other individuals for monitoring purposes. 
 (H)  Such other matters as the Director of National Intelligence may determine appropriate. 137 STAT. 1076 
 
 (3)  Form .— The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
 
 (b)  Definitions .— In this section: (1)  Appropriate committees of congress .— The term “ appropriate committees of Congress ” means— (A)  the congressional intelligence committees; 
 (B)  the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
 (C)  the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
 
 (2)  Intelligence; national intelligence .— The terms “intelligence” and “national intelligence” have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3003 ).