SEC. 7503.  ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF ENGAGEMENT. (a)  Establishment .— Title I of the National Security Act of 1947 ( 50 U.S.C. 3021 et seq. ), as amended by section 901, is further amended by  adding  at the end the following new section (and conforming the table of contents at the beginning of such Act accordingly): “SEC. 122.  50 USC 3062 . OFFICE OF ENGAGEMENT. “(a)  Establishment .— There is within the Office of the Director of National Intelligence an Office of Engagement (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’). 
 “(b)  Head; Staff .— “(1)  Head . Appointment. — The Director of National Intelligence shall appoint as head of the Office an individual with requisite experience in matters relating to the duties of the Office, as determined by the Director of National Intelligence. Such head of the Office shall report directly to the Director of National Intelligence. 
 “(2)  Staff .— To assist the head of the Office in fulfilling the duties of the Office, the head shall employ full-time equivalent staff in such number, and with such requisite expertise in matters relating to such duties, as may be determined by the head. 
 
 “(c)  Duties .— The duties of the Office shall be as follows: “(1)  To ensure coordination across the elements of the intelligence community efforts regarding outreach, relationship development, and associated knowledge and relationship management, with covered entities, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods. 
 “(2)  To assist in sharing best practices regarding such efforts among the elements of the intelligence community. 
 “(3)  To establish and implement metrics to assess the effectiveness of such efforts. 137 STAT. 1083 
 
 “(d)  Covered Entity Defined .— In this section, the term ‘ covered entity ’ means an entity that is not an entity of the United States Government, including private sector companies, institutions of higher education, trade associations, think tanks, laboratories, international organizations, and foreign partners and allies.” 
 
 . 
 (b)  50 USC 3062 note . Deadline .— To the extent and in such amounts as specifically provided in advance in appropriations Acts for the purposes detailed in section 122 of the National Security Act of 1947, as added by subsection (a), the Director of National Intelligence shall establish the Office of Engagement by not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
 (c)  Transfer . 50 USC 3062 note . — The Director shall transfer to the Office of Engagement all functions within the Office of the Director of National Intelligence that, on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, performed duties set forth in section 122 of the National Security Act of 1947, as added by subsection (a). 
 (d)  Deadlines. Plan and Briefings .— (1)  Plan .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees a plan for the establishment of the Office of Engagement. 
 (2)  Quarterly briefings .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the establishment of the Office of Engagement, and on a quarterly basis for 5 years thereafter, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Accountability and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a briefing on the status of the Office, including with respect to the staffing levels, activities, and fulfilment of duties of the Office. 
 
 (e)  Rule of Construction . 50 USC 3062 note . — Nothing in this section, or an amendment made by this section, shall be construed as restricting or preempting engagement or outreach activities of elements of the intelligence community. 
 (f)  Definitions . 50 USC 3062 note . — In this section, the term “ Office of Engagement ” means the Office of Engagement established under section 122 of the National Security Act of 1947, as added by subsection (a).