SEC. 7606.  Reports. STUDIES AND RECOMMENDATIONS ON NECESSITY OF SECURITY CLEARANCES. (a)  Agency Studies on Necessity of Security Clearances .— (1)  Studies required .— The head of each agency that grants security clearances to personnel of such agency shall conduct a study on the necessity of such clearances. 
 (2)  Reports required .— (A)  In general .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, each head of an agency that conducts a study under paragraph (1) shall submit to Congress, including the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, a report on the findings of the agency head with respect to such study, which the agency head may classify as appropriate. 
 (B)  Required elements .— Each report submitted by the head of an agency under subparagraph (A) shall include, for such agency, the following: (i)  The number of personnel eligible for access to information up to the “Top Secret” level. 137 STAT. 1099 
 (ii)  The number of personnel eligible for access to information up to the “Secret” level. 
 (iii)  Information on any reduction in the number of personnel eligible for access to classified information based on the study conducted under paragraph (1). 
 (iv)  A description of how the agency head will ensure that the number of security clearances granted by such agency will be kept to the minimum required for the conduct of agency functions, commensurate with the size, needs, and mission of the agency. 
 
 
 (3)  Applicability. Industry .— This subsection shall apply to the Secretary of Defense in the Secretary’s capacity as the Executive Agent for the National Industrial Security Program, and the Secretary shall treat contractors, licensees, and grantees as personnel of the Department of Defense for purposes of the studies and reports required by this subsection. 
 
 (b)  Director of National Intelligence Review of Sensitive Compartmented Information .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall— (1)  review the number of personnel eligible for access to sensitive compartmented information; and 
 (2)  submit to Congress, including the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, a report on how the Director will ensure that the number of such personnel is limited to the minimum required. 
 
 (c)  Agency Review of Special Access Programs .— Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, each head of an agency who is authorized to establish a special access program by Executive Order 13526 ( 50 U.S.C. 3161 note ; relating to classified national security information), or successor order, shall— (1)  review the number of personnel of the agency eligible for access to such special access programs; and 
 (2)  submit to Congress, including the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, a report on how the agency head will ensure that the number of such personnel is limited to the minimum required. 
 
 (d)  Secretary of Energy Review of Q and L Clearances .— Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall— (1)  review the number of personnel of the Department of Energy granted Q and L access; and 
 (2)  submit to Congress, including the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Armed Services, the  137 STAT. 1100 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Oversight and Accountability, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, a report on how the Secretary will ensure that the number of such personnel is limited to the minimum required 
 
 (e)  Independent Reviews .— Not later than 180 days after the date on which a study is completed under subsection (a) or a review is completed under subsections (b) through (d), the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall each review the study or review, as the case may be.