SEC. 873.  Deadlines. 10 USC 301 note . PROGRAM AND PROCESSES RELATING TO FOREIGN ACQUISITION. (a)  Pilot Program for Combatant Command Use of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account .— Each commander of a geographic combatant command may use amounts from the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Account established under  section 1705 of title 10, United States Code , to hire not more than two members of the acquisition workforce (as defined in section 101 of such title) or contracting officers to advise the combatant command on the processes for foreign military sales authorized under chapter 2 of the Arms Export Control Act ( 22 U.S.C. 2761 et seq. ) and the Department of Defense security cooperation processes under  chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code , for the purpose of facilitating the effective implementation of such processes. 
 (b)  Industry Day .— (1)  In general .— Not later than March 1, 2024, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct an event to be known as the “industry day”— (A)  to raise awareness and understanding among officials of foreign governments, covered embassy personnel, and representatives of the defense industrial base with respect to the role of the Department of Defense in implementing the foreign military sales process and the Department of Defense security cooperation process; and 
 (B)  to raise awareness— (i)  within the private sector of the United States with respect to— (I)  foreign demand for United States weapon systems; and 
 (II)  potential foreign industry partnering opportunities; and 
 
 (ii)  among officials of foreign governments and covered embassy personnel with respect to potential United States materiel solutions for capability needs. 
 
 
 (2)  Format . Public information. — In conducting each industry day under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense, to the extent practicable, shall seek to maximize participation by representatives of the  137 STAT. 351 
defense industrial base and government officials while minimizing cost, by— (A)  ensuring that information provided at the industry day is unclassified; 
 (B)  making the industry day publicly accessible through teleconference or other virtual means; and 
 (C)  Web posting. posting any supporting materials on a publicly accessible internet website. 
 
 (3)  Covered embassy personnel . Definition. — In this subsection, the term “ covered embassy personnel ” means personnel at United States diplomatic and consular posts and personnel of foreign missions located in the United States. 
 
 (c)  Senior-level Industry Advisory Group .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with representatives of the defense industrial base, shall establish or designate senior-level individuals working in the defense industrial base to serve on an advisory group for the purpose of focusing on the role of the Department of Defense in the foreign military sales process and the Department of Defense security cooperation process. Such advisory group shall terminate on the date specified in subsection (f). 
 (d)  Department of Defense Points of Contact for Foreign Military Sales .— (1)  In general .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Secretary of each military department shall each designate an individual to serve as a single point of contact— (A)  to coordinate information and outreach on Department of Defense implementation of the foreign military sales process; and 
 (B)  to respond to inquiries from representatives of the defense industrial base and partner countries. 
 
 (2)  Points of contact .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Secretary of each military department shall each ensure that the contact information for each individual designated under paragraph (1) is publicized at each industry day conducted under subsection (b) and disseminated among the members of the advisory group established under subsection (c). 
 (3)  Termination .— The responsibilities of each individual designated under paragraph (1) shall terminate on the date specified in subsection (f). 
 
 (e)  Regional Theater Needs for Exportability . List. — Not later than July 1, 2024, and annually thereafter until the date specified in (f), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the commander of each geographic combatant command, the Director of Strategy, Plans, and Policy on the Joint Staff, each Secretary of a military department, and the Secretary of State, shall provide to the Secretary of Defense a list of systems relating to research and development, procurement, or sustainment that would benefit from investment for exportability features in support of the security cooperation objectives of the regional theaters. 
 (f)  Termination .— The requirements of and the authority under this section shall cease to have effect on December 31, 2028. 137 STAT. 352