SEC. 922.  INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF DEFENSE BUSINESS ENTERPRISE ARCHITECTURE. (a)  In General . Contracts. — The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract or other agreement with a federally funded research and development center or a university affiliated research center  137 STAT. 374 
to conduct an independent assessment of the defense business enterprise architecture developed under  section 2222(e) of title 10, United States Code . 
 (b)  Elements .— The assessment required by subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1)  An assessment of the effectiveness of the defense business enterprise architecture as of the date of the enactment of this Act in providing an adequate and useful framework for planning, managing, and integrating the business systems of the Department of Defense. 
 (2)  A comparison of the defense business enterprise architecture with similar models in use by other government agencies in the United States, foreign governments, and major commercial entities, including an assessment of any lessons from such models that might be applied to the defense business enterprise architecture. 
 (3)  An assessment of the adequacy of the defense business enterprise architecture in informing business process reengineering and being sufficiently responsive to changes in business processes over time. 
 (4)  An identification of any shortfalls or implementation challenges in the utility of the defense business enterprise architecture. 
 (5)  Recommenda- tions. Recommendations for replacement of the existing defense business enterprise architecture or for modifications to the existing architecture to make that architecture and the process for updating that architecture more effective and responsive to the business process needs of the Department. 
 
 (c)  Interim Briefing .— Not later than April 1, 2024, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the status of the assessment required by subsection (a). 
 (d)  Final Report .— Not later than January 30, 2025, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the results of the assessment required by subsection (a).